molecular_biology	this article shows how lamarckism was essential in the birth of the french school of molecular biology. we argue that the concept of inheritance of acquired characters positively shaped debates surrounding bacteriophagy and lysogeny in the pasteurian tradition during the interwar period. during this period the typical lamarckian account of heredity treated it as the continuation of protoplasmic physiology in daughter cells. f,lix d'h,relle applied this conception to argue that there was only one species of bacteriophage and jules bordet applied it to develop an account of bacteriophagy as a transmissible form of autolysis and to analyze the new phenomenon of lysogeny. in a long-standing controversy with bordet, eugsne wollman deployed a more morphological understanding of the inheritance of acquired characters, yielding a particulate, but still lamarckian, account of lysogeny. we then turn to andr, lwoff who, with several colleagues, completed wollman 's research program from 1949 to 1953. we examine how he gradually set aside the lamarckian background, finally removing inheritance of acquired characters from the resulting account of bacteriophagy and lysogeny. in the conclusion, we emphasize the complex dual role of lamarckism as it moved from an assumed explanatory framework to a challenge that the nascent molecular biology had to overcome.
molecular_biology	culture-based pathogen identification in skull base osteomyelitis, particularly for fungi, is often inaccurate. we report the case of patient with fungal skull base osteomyelitis cured by sustained antifungal therapy after 16 months of debilitating illness. due to medical complications, a strong clinical rationale was needed to justify long-term antifungal therapy. the offending fungus was identified by experimental molecular technology (ibis t5000 universal biosensor); invasive fungal disease was corroborated by biochemical assays. our discussion will help familiarize the otolaryngologist with existing biochemical and molecular diagnostics for invasive fungal disease. we encourage future investigators to study their application in cases of skull base osteomyelitis.
molecular_biology	this review summarizes present evidence for the role of ykl-40 in the diagnosis, prognosis and cause of cardiovascular and alcoholic liver disease. the question of whether ykl-40 is merely a marker or a causal factor in the development of cardiovascular and liver disease is addressed, with emphasis on the mendelian randomization design. the mendelian randomization approach uses genetic variants associated with lifelong high plasma ykl-40 levels that are largely unconfounded and not prone to reverse causation. thus, the approach mimics a controlled double-blind randomized trial, but it uses genetic variants rather than a drug and placebo, and like a blinded trial, it allows inference about causality. moreover, the review also covers background on the molecular biology and functions of ykl-40, ykl-40 levels in healthy individuals and reference range, and the role of ykl-40 as a biomarker of cardiovascular and alcoholic liver disease. ykl-40 is a plasma protein named after its three n-terminal amino acids, y (tyrosine), k (lysine) and l (leucine), and its molecular weight of 40kda. it is produced by local inflammatory cells in inflamed tissues, such as lipid-laden macrophages inside the vessel wall and perhaps also hepatic stellate cells. observational studies show that plasma ykl-40 levels are elevated in patients with cardiovascular and liver disease and are associated with disease severity and prognosis. furthermore, elevated plasma ykl-40 levels in apparently healthy individuals are associated with a 2-fold increased risk of future ischemic stroke and venous thromboembolism, but not with myocardial infarction, suggesting that ykl-40 could play a role in the formation of embolisms rather than atherosclerosis per se. further, elevated ykl-40 levels combined with excessive alcohol consumption are associated with 10-years risk of alcoholic liver cirrhosis of up to 7%, suggesting that ykl-40 can be used as a strong noninvasive marker of predicting alcoholic liver cirrhosis. importantly, in mendelian randomization studies, genetically elevated plasma ykl-40 levels were not associated with risk of cardiovascular and alcoholic liver disease, thus suggesting that plasma ykl-40 does not play a causal role in the development of these diseases. despite this, plasma ykl-40 levels may play a role in disease progression after diagnosis, and inhibition of ykl-40 activity might be a novel therapy in some cardiovascular and liver diseases.
molecular_biology	the present study reports us independent classic articles published by american scientists from 1900 to 2014. we examined those articles that had been cited at least 1000 times since publication to the end of 2014 using the science citation index expanded in the web of science (wos). we also applied a bibliometric indicator, the y-index, to assess the contributions of the authors of these articles. the results showed that 4909 classic articles were published between 1916 and 2013, and that the most productive categories from the wos were multidisciplinary sciences, biochemistry and molecular biology, and general and internal medicine. science published most of these articles, and the three most productive institutions were harvard university, massachusetts institute of technology and stanford university. the physicist, edward witten was the most prolific author and an article written by the biochemist, marion bradford at university of georgia in 1976 had the highest number of citations. in addition, the article by perdew, burke and ernzerhof at tulane university had the highest number of citations in 2014.
molecular_biology	peripheral neuronal activation by inflammatory mediators is a multifaceted physiological response that involves a multitude of regulated cellular functions. one key pathway that has been shown to be involved in inflammatory pain isgq/gpcr, whose activation by inflammatory mediators is followed by the regulated response of the cation channel transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 (trpv1). however, the mechanism that underlies trpv1 activation downstream of the gq/gpcr pathway has yet to be fully defined. in this study, we employ pharmacological and molecular biology tools to dissect this activation mechanism via perforated-patch recordings and calcium imaging of both neurons and a heterologous system. we showed that trpv1 activity downstream of gq/gpcr activation only produced a subdued current, which was noticeably different from the robust current that is typical of trpv1 activation by exogenous stimuli. moreover, we specifically demonstrated that 2 pathways downstream of gq/gpcr signaling, namely endovanilloid production by lipoxygenases and channel phosphorylation by pkc, converge on trpv1 to evoke a tightly regulated response. of importance, we show that only when both pathways are acting on trpv1 is the inflammatory-mediated response achieved. we propose that the requirement of multiple signaling events allows subdued trpv1 activation to evoke regulated neuronal response during inflammation.- kumarr., hazan, a., geron, m., steinberg, r., livni, l., matzner, h., priel, a. activation of transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 by lipoxygenase metabolites depends on pkc phosphorylation.
enzymology	ceramides are synthesized by six mammalian ceramide synthases (cerss), each of which uses fatty acyl-coas of different chain lengths for n-acylation of the sphingoid long-chain base. we now describe a rapid and reliable cers assay that uses a fluorescent n-[6-[(7-nitrobenzo-2-oxa-1,3-diazol-4-yl) (nbd) sphinganine substrate followed by separation of the nbd-lipid substrate and products using solid phase extraction (spe) c18 chromatography. spe chromatography is a quick and reliable alternative to tlc, and moreover, there is no degradation of either nbd-sphinganine or nbd-ceramide. we have optimized the assay for use with minimal amounts of protein in a minimal volume. this assay will prove useful for the analysis of cers activity, which is of particular importance in light of the growing involvement of cers in cell regulation and in the pathology of human diseases.
enzymology	a thermostable amidase produced by geobacillus subterraneus rl-2a was purified to homogeneity, with a yield of 9.54 % and a specific activity of 48.66 u mg(-1). the molecular weight of the native enzyme was estimated to be 111 kda. the amidase of g. subterraneus rl-2a is constitutive in nature, active at a broad range of ph (4.5-11.5) and temperature (40-90 a degrees c) and has a half-life of 5 h and 54 min at 70 a degrees c. inhibition of enzyme activity was observed in the presence of metal ions, such as co2+, hg2+, cu2+, ni2+, and thiol reagents. the presence of mid-chain aliphatic and amino acid amides enhances the enzymatic activity. the acyl transferase activity was detected with propionamide, butyramide and nicotinamide. the enzyme showed moderate stability toward toluene, carbon tetrachloride, benzene, ethylene glycol except acetone, ethanol, butanol, propanol and dimethyl sulfoxide. the k (m) and v (max) of the purified amidase with nicotinamide were 6.02 +/- a 0.56 mm and 132.6 +/- a 4.4 mu mol min(-1) mg(-1) protein by analyzing michaelis-menten kinetics. the results of maldi-tof analysis indicated that this amidase has homology with the amidase of geobacillus sp. c56-t3 (gi|297530427). it is the first reported wide-spectrum thermostable amidase from a thermophilic g. subterraneus.
enzymology	the enzyme cofactor and essential vitamin biotin is biosynthesized in bacteria, fungi, and plants through a pathway that culminates with the addition of a sulfur atom to generate the five-membered thiophane ring. the immediate precursor, dethiobiotin, has methylene and methyl groups at the c6 and c9 positions, respectively, and formation of a thioether bridging these carbon atoms requires cleavage of unactivated c-h bonds. biotin synthase is an s-adenosyl-l-methionine (sam or adomet) radical enzyme that catalyzes reduction of the adomet sulfonium to produce 5'-deoxyadenosyl radicals, high-energy carbon radicals that can directly abstract hydrogen atoms from dethiobiotin. the available experimental and structural data suggest that a [2fe-2s](2+) cluster bound deep within biotin synthase provides a sulfur atom that is added to dethiobiotin in a stepwise reaction, first at the c9 position to generate 9-mercaptodethiobiotin, and then at the c6 position to close the thiophane ring. the formation of sulfur-containing biomolecules through a radical reaction involving an iron-sulfur cluster is an unprecedented reaction in biochemistry; however, recent enzyme discoveries suggest that radical sulfur insertion reactions may be a distinct subgroup within the burgeoning radical sam superfamily. this article is part of a special issue entitled: radical sam enzymes and radical enzymology. (c) 2012 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
enzymology	a variety of topics are reviewed in the area of mathematical and computational modeling in biology, covering the range of scales from populations of organisms to electrons in atoms. the use of maximum entropy as an inference tool in the fields of biology and drug discovery is discussed. mathematical and computational methods and models in the areas of epidemiology, cell physiology and cancer are surveyed. the technique of molecular dynamics is covered, with special attention to force fields for protein simulations and methods for the calculation of solvation free energies. the utility of quantum mechanical methods in biophysical and biochemical modeling is explored. the field of computational enzymology is examined.
enzymology	the genome of the rice blast fungus magnaporthe oryzae codes for two proteins with n-terminal dioxygenase (dox) and c-terminal cytochrome p450 (cyp) domains, respectively. one of them, mgg_ 13239, was confirmed as 7,8-linoleate diol synthase by prokaryotic expression. the other recombinant protein (mgg_ 10859) possessed prominent 10r-dox and epoxy alcohol synthase (eas) activities. this enzyme, 10r-dox-eas, transformed 18:2n-6 sequentially to 10(r)-hydroperoxy-8(e), 12(z)-octadecadienoic acid (10r-hpode) and to 12s(13r)-epoxy-10(r)-hydroxy-8(e)octadecenoic acid as the end product. oxygenation at c-10 occurred by retention of the pro-r hydrogen of c-8 of 18:2n-6, suggesting antarafacial hydrogen abstraction and oxygenation. experiments with o-18(2) and o-16(2) gas confirmed that the epoxy alcohol was formed from 10r-hpode, likely by heterolytic cleavage of the dioxygen bond with formation of p450 compound i, and subsequent intramolecular epoxidation of the 12(z) double bond. site-directed mutagenesis demonstrated that the cysteinyl heme ligand of the p450 domain was required for the eas activity. replacement of asn(965) with val in the conserved asnglnxaagln sequence revealed that asn965 supported formation of the epoxy alcohol. 10r-dox-eas is the first member of a novel subfamily of dox-cyp fusion proteins of devastating plant pathogens.
southern_blotting	a putative glutamate decarboxylase (gad) gene, designated zmgad1, was cloned from zea mays with a combination of reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) and bioinformatic approaches. the zmgad1 cdna sequence contained a complete open reading frame encoding a putative protein of 496 amino acids, which contained a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate binding domain and a calmodulin (cam)-binding domain found in nearly all gads from plants. sequence analysis showed that it had highest similarity with rice gad1. recombinant zmgad1 protein was expressed in escherichia coli, purified and used to measure enzyme activity, which confirmed zmgad1 was really a glutamate decarboxylase gene. southern blotting analysis suggested that zmgad1 was present as a single copy gene in the maize genome. rt-pcr analysis revealed that zmgad1 was expressed in all examined tissues including the roots, stems, leaves, ears, and tassels. the expression of the zmgad1 gene was upregulated and gad activity was increased in the leaves and roots after treatment with aba, meja, nacl, peg, or cold stress. several stress-related cis-elements were present in the zmgad1 promoter cloned from maize genomic dna. these results suggested that zmgad1 might play an important role in responses to abiotic factors and hormone treatments.
southern_blotting	to investigate the basis of susceptibility to phenicols and oxazolidinones of the porcine enterococcus faecalis cppf5 despite the presence of the multiresistance gene cfr. southern blotting, conjugation and transformation analyses were conducted to confirm the plasmid location and transferability of cfr in cppf5. the genetic environment of cfr was determined by sequence analysis. transcription and translation of cfr were examined by rtpcr and western blotting, respectively, and modifications at a2503 within the 23s rrna sequence were identified by primer extension. electrotransformation and southern blotting indicated that cppf5 and its transformant 5b2-3 contained two cfr-carrying plasmids 50 and 12 kb in size. the complete 12270 bp sequence of the smaller plasmid, pcppf5, was determined and shared 99.9 (12269/12270 bp) identity with the corresponding region of the cfr-carrying plasmid pef-01 in e. faecalis of cattle origin. moreover, the genetic environment of cfr in the 50 kb plasmid was the same as that in pcppf5 according to sequencing results. although cfr mrna, cfr protein and a modification at the a2503 site were detected, the cfr-carrying transformant 5b2-3 did not have elevated mics of chloramphenicol, florfenicol and linezolid, indicating that cfr fails to mediate resistance to the respective antibiotics in e. faecalis. this is the first report of the cfr gene failing to elevate mics of the corresponding antibiotics. although the genetic basis for the apparent no resistance phenotype remains to be determined, this finding may have implications for surveillance studies that target the cfr gene.
southern_blotting	volvariella volvacea, or straw mushroom, is a widely cultivated and important edible fungus. in this paper, we used straw mushroom as a host to express an exogenous mfc gene encoding a multi-functional cellulase (mfc) cloned from the mollusc ampullaria crossean. the purpose was to increase expression of mfc in the new host, as well as to improve cellulose degradation and increase future yields of v. volvacea. mfc is an enzyme with exo-beta-1,4-glucanase, endo-beta-1,4-glucanase, and endo-beta-xylanase activities. the a. crossean mfc gene was expressed in v. volvacea under the control of an endogenous promoter (gpd-vvs) using the expression vector pgvvs-mfc, constructed by ligating the gpd-vvs promoter with the mfc gene. the expression plasmid, pgvvs-afp, containing an afp gene encoding an anti-freeze protein (afp) cloned from spruce budworm as the selective marker gene, was co-transformed into protoplasts of v. volvacea along with the vector pgvvs-mfc using polyethylene glycol (peg)-mediated transformation. putative transformants of v. volvacea were obtained by exposing the mycelia to regeneration medium (200 g l(-1) potato extract, 20 g l(-1) dextrose, 20 g l(-1) agar, and 0.8 m d-mannitol) at 0 degrees c. pcr and southern blotting were used to identify positive transformants. the results indicated that the mfc gene had been integrated into the genome of v. volvacea. the total cellulose activity, based on filter paper degradation, and carboxymethyl cellulase and xylanase activities in the transformants were 3.92, 4.75, and 58.99 units ml(-1), respectively. sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis showed an approx. 46 kda band, which was equivalent to the expected size of the mfc protein of a. crossean. thus, the mfc gene appeared to have been expressed heterologously in v. volvacea.
southern_blotting	a resveratrol synthase gene was cloned from the peanut plant (arachis hypogaea) by rt-pcr and was transformed into purple sweet potato (ipomoea batatas) by agrobacterium-mediated transformation. stem sections were infected with bacterial solution of od(600) = 0.4 for 20 min and then cocultured for 2 days. infected explants were cultured on ms media containing 50 mg/l kanamycin, 0.02 mg/l naa and 1 mg/l 6-ba for bud induction or containing 75 mg/l kanamycin, 1.0 mg/l naa and 0.1 mg/l 6-ba for root formation. the bud and root induction rates were 37.5 and 25.0%, respectively. 105 regenerated plants were obtained, with 11 positive plants by pcr and southern blotting analyses. a high level of resveratrol glucoside (340 mu g/g dry weight), but no resveratrol, was detected in the transformed plants by hplc. this study also provides a stable genetic transformation and plant regeneration method for metabolic modification of purple sweet potato.
southern_blotting	no commercial vaccines are currently available for enterovirus 71 (ev71) infection. oral virus-like particle (vlp) vaccines are regarded as a better choice for prevention from food-borne diseases compared with injected whole virus vaccines. unfortunately, the application of oral vlp vaccines produced from transgenic plants was limited due to the concerns of gene contamination. alternatively, using transgenic mushrooms retains the advantages of transgenic plants and tremendously reduce risks of gene contamination. polycistronic expression vectors harboring the glyceraldehyde-3-phospho-dehydrogenase promoter to codrive ev71 structural protein p1 and protease 3c using the 2a peptide of porcine teschovirus-1 were constructed and introduced into flammulina velutipes via agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation. the analyses of the genomic pcr, southern blotting, and rt-pcr showed that the genes of p1 and 3c were integrated into the chromosomal dna through a single insertion, and their resulting mrnas were transcribed. the western blotting analysis combined with lc-ms/ms demonstrated that ev71 vlps were composed of the four subunit proteins digested from p1 polyprotein by 3c protease. through the use of a single particle electron microscope, images of 1705 particles with diameter similar to the ev71 viron were used for 3d reconstruction. protrusions were observed on the surface in the 2d class averages, and a 3d reconstruction of the vlps was obtained. in conclusion, ev71 vlps were successfully produced in transgenic f. velutipes using a polycistronic expression strategy, which indicates that this approach is promising for the development of oral vaccines produced in mushrooms.
northern_blotting	aim: to explore the microrna (mirna) expression in renal clear cell carcinoma (rccc). methods: we compared the mirna expression profiles in 11 pairs of rccc and adjacent nontumorous tissue (nt) from 11 rccc patients, using a mammalian mirna microarray containing whole human mature and precursor mirna sequences. to verify microarray results, northern blotting was carried out on 5 randomly selected mirnas. results: totally 81 mirnas were identified valid expression in rccc samples, 48 of which specifically detected in rccc samples, 17 of which detected downregulated in rccc compared to nt sample, 2 upregulated and 14 without significant difference. mirnas in rccc tissues exhibit an overall higher expression level than nt tissue. the chip results were confirmed by northern blot analysis. conclusion: our study may help to clarify the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of rccc, and mirnas potentially serve as a novel diagnostic biomarker of rccc. crown copyright (c) 2009 published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
northern_blotting	backgound: beta-carotene exhibits biological activity as provitamin a. key step in vitamin a formation is the cleavage of beta-carotene to retinal by an enzyme designated as beta-carotene 15,15'-monooxygenase (bcm). recently, it is reported that expression of bcm gene in the intestine is under feedback regulation by retinoic acid (ra). however, the regulation of bcm gene expression in various other tissues is still unknown. aim of the study: in the present study, we identified the full-length cdna encoding the rat bcm gene and investigated the regulation of its expression in several tissues by ra in the presence of vitamin a deficiency. methods: we cloned the full-length cdna encoding bcm gene from a rat intestinal cdna library by hybridization screening. the bcm gene expression was examined using northern blotting and reverse transcription-pcr analysis. we also investigated whether bcm gene expression was regulated by retinoids in several tissues of vitamin a-deficient rats. results: sequence analysis of this clone revealed an open reading frame of 1,701 bases encoding a protein of 566 amino acids. the predicted polypeptide showed 94%, 81%, and 66% identity with mouse, human, and chicken bcm, respectively. rat bcm mrna was highly expressed in the intestine and liver, while there was weak expression in the testes, kidneys, and lungs. immunoblotting revealed that rat bcm is a 64-kda protein. bcm gene expression was increased in the small intestine by vitamin a deficiency compared with that in rats on a control diet, while this upregulation was suppressed by all-trans ra (atra) or 9-cis ra (9-cis ra). bcm gene expression in the lungs and testes was also suppressed by atra or 9-cis ra in rats with vitamin a deficiency. however, hepatic bcm gene expression was only decreased by atra and renal expression was not affected by either retinoid. as the small intestine is the major site of beta-carotene conversion, intestinal bcm gene expression may be more tightly regulated. conclusion: these data suggest that bcm gene expression in several tissues may be down-regulated by ra at the level of conversion of beta-carotene to retinal. to prevent an excess of retinol, homeostasis may occur at the level of conversion of beta-carotene to retinal in several tissues.
northern_blotting	micrornas (mirnas) are a class of non-coding rnas that play critical roles in post-transcriptional regulation. their target genes are involved in a variety of biological processes such as development, metabolism, and stress response. panicum miliaceum l. (panicum) is an important grain crop, but, until now, no mirnas have been identified in this plant. using a homology search based on expressed sequence tag (est) analysis and mirna precursor secondary structure, a total of 43 new mirnas were identified. the mirnas were found to be unevenly distributed among 11 mirna families. target analysis using the plant small rna target analysis server psrnatarget showed that the newly identified mirnas can potentially regulate 68 target genes. ten of the 11 mirna families were annotated as involved in rna regulation, suggesting they may play an essential role in post-transcriptional regulation in panicum. selected mirnas representing eight of the families were verified by northern blotting, indicating that the prediction method that we used to identify the mirnas was effective.
northern_blotting	many recent studies have reported that microrna (mirna) biogenesis and function are related to the molecular mechanisms of various clinical diseases. several methods, including northern blotting and dna chip analyses, are capable of assessing mirna-production patterns in cells. however, the development of repetitive monitoring of the mirna-production profile in a noninvasive manner is demanded for the application of mirnas to human medicine. here, we describe a noninvasive system for monitoring mirna biogenesis, from the stage of primary transcripts to that of mature mirna regulation. we review the optical methods that have been developed to image mirna production at each step of the mirna-processing pathway in living subjects. we propose that an optical mirna-imaging strategy, based on molecular imaging, can be used as an mirna imaging detector to monitor various mirnas, by using different reporters, simultaneously, for high-throughput screening, and will provide potential application for the diagnosis and therapeutics of multiple diseases.
northern_blotting	small rnas (srnas) are short (similar to 50-200 nucleotides) noncoding rnas that regulate cellular activities across bacteria. salmonella enterica starved of a carbon-energy (c) source experience a host of genetic and physiological changes broadly referred to as the starvation-stress response (ssr). in an attempt to identify novel srnas contributing to ssr control, we grew log-phase, 5-h c-starved and 24-h c-starved cultures of the virulent salmonella enterica subspecies enterica serovar typhimurium strain sl1344 and comprehensively sequenced their small rna transcriptomes. strikingly, after employing a novel strategy for srna discovery based on identifying dynamic transcripts arising from ""gene-empty"" regions, we identify 58 wholly undescribed salmonella srna genes potentially regulating ssr averaging an similar to 1,000-fold change in expression between log-phase and c-starved cells. importantly, the expressions of individual srna loci were confirmed by both comprehensive transcriptome analyses and northern blotting of select candidates. of note, we find 43 candidate srnas share significant sequence identity to characterized srnas in other bacteria, and similar to 70% of our srnas likely assume characteristic srna structural conformations. in addition, we find 53 of our 58 candidate srnas either overlap neighboring mrna loci or share significant sequence complementarity to mrnas transcribed elsewhere in the sl1344 genome strongly suggesting they regulate the expression of transcripts via antisense base-pairing. finally, in addition to this work resulting in the identification of 58 entirely novel salmonella enterica genes likely participating in the ssr, we also find evidence suggesting that srnas are significantly more prevalent than currently appreciated and that salmonella srnas may actually number in the thousands.
human_metabolism	the mechanisms by which exposure to arsenic induces its myriad pathological effects are undoubtedly complex, while individual susceptibility to their type and severity is likely to be strongly influenced by genetic factors. human metabolism of arsenic into methylated derivatives, once presumed to result in detoxification, may actually produce species with significantly greater pathological potential. we introduce a transgenic drosophila model of arsenic methylation, allowing its consequences to be studied in a higher eukaryote exhibiting conservation of many genes and pathways with those of human cells while providing an important opportunity to uncover mechanistic details via the sophisticated genetic analysis for which the system is particularly well suited. the gene for the human enzyme, arsenic (+3 oxidation state) methyltransferase, was introduced into nonmethylating drosophila under inducible control. transgenic flies were characterized for enzyme inducibility, production of methylated arsenic species, and the dose-dependent consequences for chromosomal integrity and organismal longevity. upon enzyme induction, transgenic flies processed arsenite into mono and dimethylated derivatives identical to those found in human urine. when induced flies were exposed to 9 ppm arsenite, chromosomal stability was clearly reduced, whereas at much higher doses, adult life span was significantly increased, a seemingly paradoxical pair of outcomes. measurement of arsenic body burden in the presence or absence of methylation suggested that enhanced clearance of methylated species might explain this greater longevity under acutely toxic conditions. our study clearly demonstrates both the hazards and the benefits of arsenic methylation in vivo and suggests a resolution based on evolutionary grounds.
human_metabolism	purpose of review wasting diseases are characterized by progressive deterioration of nutritional status that negatively influences patients' outcome. the better understanding of the pathogenic mechanisms of wasting may lead to effective therapies. tryptophan metabolism has unique features suggesting a critical role in influencing human metabolism under normal and pathological conditions. recent findings during disease, inflammatory response favours the local depletion of the essential amino acid tryptophan, thereby inhibiting cellular proliferation. tryptophan depletion may also mediate immunotolerance to foreign antigens. in contrast, brain accumulation of tryptophan contributes to wasting by increasing oxidative stress and hypothalamic serotonin neurotransmission, and thereby triggering the onset of sickness behaviour followed by depressive-like behaviour. summary tryptophan metabolism is critical in mediating a number of important biological responses. restoring tryptophan metabolism may well result in enhanced recovery from disease.
human_metabolism	human metabolism of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (dehp) was studied after a single oral dose of 48.1 mg to a male volunteer. to avoid interference by background exposure the d4-ring-labelled dehp analogue was dosed. excretion of three metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5oh-mehp), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-mehp) and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (mehp), was monitored for 44 h in urine and for 8 h in serum. peak concentrations of all metabolites were found in serum after 2 h and in urine after 2 h (mehp) and after 4 h (5oh-mehp and 5oxo-mehp). while the major metabolite in serum was mehp, the major metabolite in urine was 5oh-mehp, followed by 5oxo-mehp and mehp. excretion in urine followed a multi-phase elimination model. after an absorption and distribution phase of 4 to 8 h, half-life times of excretion in the first elimination phase were approximately 2 h with slightly higher half-life times for 5oh- and 5oxo-mehp. half-life times in the second phase-beginning 14 to 18 h post dose-were 5 h for mehp and 10 h for 5oh-mehp and 5oxo-mehp. in the time window 36 to 44 h, no decrease in excreted concentrations of 5oh- and 5oxo-mehp was observed. in the first elimination phase (8 to 14 h post dose), mean excretion ratios of mehp to 5oxo-mehp and mehp to 5oh-mehp were 1 to 1.8 and 1 to 3.1. in the second elimination phase up to 24 h post dose mean excretion ratios of mehp to 5oxo-mehp to 5oh-mehp were 1 to 5.0 to 9.3. the excretion ratio of 5oh-mehp to 5oxo-mehp remained constant through time at 1.7 in the mean. after 44 h, 47% of the dehp dose was excreted in urine, comprising mehp (7.3%), 5oh-mehp (24.7%) and 5oxo-mehp (14.9%).
human_metabolism	during very low carbohydrate intake, the regulated and controlled production of ketone bodies causes a harmless physiological state known as dietary ketosis. ketone bodies flow from the liver to extra-hepatic tissues (e. g., brain) for use as a fuel; this spares glucose metabolism via a mechanism similar to the sparing of glucose by oxidation of fatty acids as an alternative fuel. in comparison with glucose, the ketone bodies are actually a very good respiratory fuel. indeed, there is no clear requirement for dietary carbohydrates for human adults. interestingly, the effects of ketone body metabolism suggest that mild ketosis may offer therapeutic potential in a variety of different common and rare disease states. also, the recent landmark study showed that a very-low-carbohydrate diet resulted in a significant reduction in fat mass and a concomitant increase in lean body mass in normal-weight men. contrary to popular belief, insulin is not needed for glucose uptake and utilization in man. finally, both muscle fat and carbohydrate burn in an amino acid flame. journal of the international society of sports nutrition. 1(2): 7-11, 2004.
human_metabolism	in order to provide additional information for risk assessment of the fungicide metalaxyl, the main objectives were (1) to elucidate the interactions of metalaxyl with different human liver cytochrorne, p450 enzymes, (2) to tentitatively identify and (semi)quantify metabolites in vitro and (3) to identify human cyp enzymes responsible for metabolism. the mean inhibitory concentrations (ic50) for 7-pentoxyresorufin-o-dealkylation (cyp2b) and bupropion hydroxylation (2b6) were 48.9 and 41.7 mu m, respectively. the biotransformation reactions were hydroxylation, (di)demethylation and lactone formation. in human liver microsomes predominant metabolites were two hydroxymetalaxyl derivatives or atropisomers of one of the derivatives. on the basis of previous rat studies these could be n-(2-hydroxymethyl-6-methylphenyl)-n-(methoxyacetyl)alanine methyl ester and/or n-(2,6-dimethyl-5-hydroxyphenyl)-n-(methoxyacetyl)alanine methyl ester. the amounts of didemethylmetalaxyl n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)n-(hydroxyacetyl)alanine and lactone 4-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-3-methylmorpholine-2,5-dione were higher in homogenates than microsomes. the carcinogenic 2,6-dimethylaniline was not detected. among the nine major human cyps, cyp3a4 was the only one responsible for metalaxyl hydroxylation, while cyp2b6 was the major isoform responsible for (di)demethylation and lactone formation. (c) 2006 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
polymerase_chain_reaction	the study aimed to polish wastewater effluent from an activated treatment system for nitrogen removal by a packed bed bioreactor (pbr). the nitrogen removal via simultaneous partial nitrification, anammox and denitrification (snad) process was investigated with different hydraulic retention times (hrts). the results show that both effluent ammonia-and nitrate-nitrogen concentrations approached to 0 mg/l at the hrt as low as 3 h. the total nitrogen removal efficiency decreased from an average of 84% at both 18- and 24-h hrts to 38% at 3-h hrt. this low nitrogen removal efficiency was due to the presence of incomplete degradation of organic nitrogen at shorter hrts. the analysis using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction resolves that the ratio of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (aob) to the domain eubacteria changed limited in the range between 2.8 and 4.0% during the continuous operation. meanwhile, the nitrite-oxidizing bacteria (nob) increased from 0.0 to 2.9% when the hrt was gradually reduced to 3 h. the anammox bacteria accounting for 30.5% of microbial consortia dominated the aob and the nob at the 3-h hrt. in sum, inorganic form of nitrogen in a typical wastewater plant effluent could be efficiently polished via snad process in the pbr. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polymerase_chain_reaction	background: oridonin, the major terpene found in rabdosia rubescens (henmsl.) hara, is widely used as a dietary supplement and therapeutic drug. oridonin has been proven to possess good anti-tumour activity, but little is known about its effect on angiogenesis. the aim of this study was to investigate the antiangiogenic effects of oridonin in vivo and in vitro and prove that oridonin anti-tumour activity is based on suppressing angiogenesis. methods: in vitro, the antiangiogenesis effect was studied by proliferation, apoptosis, migration, invasion, and tube formation experiments on human umbilical vascular endothelial cells (huvecs). in vivo, using the tg (fli1: gfp) zebrafish model, the embryonic vasculogenesis and postnatal regeneration were evaluated. the vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) signalling pathway gene expressions were assessed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr). furthermore, the inhibition effects on tumour growth and metastasis were observed using a xenograft zebrafish tumour model and xenograft nude mouse tumour model. angiogenesis was assayed by immunostaining with cluster of differentiation 31. importantly, the proteins were identified as being differentially expressed in an in vivo model by two-dimensional electrophoresis-mass spectrometry (2d-ms) and western blot (wb). results: the results indicated that oridonin inhibited huvec proliferation, migration, invasion, and tube formation and induced cell apoptosis. oridonin inhibited zebrafish angiogenesis during embryonic development and tail fin regeneration. rt-pcr showed that oridonin decreased the vegfa, vegfr2, and vegfr3 expressions in zebrafish, while the tp53 expression increased. moreover, oridonin had strong effects on tumour growth and metastasis in vivo. 2d-ms identified a total of 50 proteins differentially expressed (17 up-expressed, 28 down-expressed). lastly, wb showed that claudin 1, claudin 4, and claudin 7 were closely related to tumour growth and metastasis. conclusion: this study demonstrated that oridonin could inhibit tumour growth and metastasis, which mainly based on oridonin antiangiogenic effects. claudin 1, claudin 4, and claudin 7 were the main contributors to the mechanism.
polymerase_chain_reaction	background: the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of the iron chelator deferiprone in diabetic nephropathy (dn) rats and the mechanisms involved. methods: thirty-two male wistar rats (180-220 g, 6 weeks old) were randomly divided into a control group, a dn group and two dn groups treated with either 50 or 100 mg/kg per day deferiprone. the dn group was established by feeding of a high-carbohydrate-fat diet and injection of 35 mg/kg streptozotocin into the vena caudalis. the duration of deferiprone treatment was 20 weeks. histopathological changes were detected by hematoxylin-eosin and masson staining, as well as transmission electron microscopy. levels of nuclear factor (nf)-kappa b, monocyte chemotactic protein (mcp)-1, matrix metalloproteinase (mmp)-9, tissue-specific inhibitor of metalloproteinase (timp)-1, cyclo-oxygenase (cox)-2, and nitrotyrosine were determined in kidney tissues using reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr), western blotting, and immunohistochemistry. results: histopathological observations showed that deferiprone treatment alleviated inflammation infiltrates and collagenous fibrosis in dn rats. results from rt-pcr and western blotting indicated that deferiprone inhibited the expression of nf-kappa b, mcp-1, cox-2, and nitrotyrosine, which were overexpressed in dn rats. immunohistochemistry showed that the mechanism of deferiprone action may involve regulation of mmp-9 and timp-1. decreased mmp-9 expression and increased timp-1 expression in dn rats were significantly promoted and inhibited by deferiprone, respectively. conclusion: iron chelation by oral deferiprone has a renoprotective effect in dn rats by relieving oxidative stress, inflammation, and fibrosis, which is related to the cytokines nf-kappa b, mcp-1, mmp-9, timp-1, cox-2, and nitrotyrosine.
polymerase_chain_reaction	introductionthe etiological diagnosis of pleural effusion is a difficult task because the diagnostic tools can only establish a definitive etiological diagnosis in at most 76% of cases. objectivesto verify the diagnostic accuracy of the latex agglutination test (lat) for the etiological diagnosis of pleural effusions caused by streptococcus pneumoniae and haemophilus influenzae type b. methodsafter thoracocentesis, paired fresh samples of pleural fluid from 418 children and adolescents were included in this investigation. they were tested blindly and simultaneously through counterimmunoelectrophoresis (cie) and lat for both bacteria. sensitivity, specificity, predictive values and likelihood ratios (lr) were calculated taking cie as a reference standard. resultsthe sensitivity and specificity of lat was 100% (95% confidence interval, 94.4%-100%) and 83.3% (95% confidence interval, 79.0%-87.0%), respectively, whereas the positive (calculated from bayes' theorem) and negative predictive values were, respectively, lower than 1% and 100% (95% confidence interval, 98.8%-100%). positive and negative lr were 6.0 (95% confidence interval, 4.7-7.6) and zero, respectively. conclusionsour results suggest that lat is a useful tool for the etiological diagnosis of pleural effusion. it is a reliable, rapid, simple to perform and shows an excellent yield in our studied population, helping to prescribe appropriate antibiotics for this clinical condition.
polymerase_chain_reaction	kisspeptins and g protein coupled receptor (gpr54) play significant roles in regulating reproductive activity among seasonally reproductive animals; however, the mechanisms of kiss-1 and gpr54 gene affecting the seasonal reproduction in striped hamster are still unknown. in this study, real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction was employed to examine the expression profiles of kiss-1 and gpr54 in the hypothalamus, ovaries, testes, uterus and epididymis of striped hamsters across 4 different seasons. our results showed that, across different seasons, the kiss-1 expression mode of male striped hamsters and the gpr54 expression mode of female striped hamsters were consistent with the seasonal photoperiod in the hypothalamus. meanwhile, across different seasons, the expression profile of kiss-1 in the testes and the gpr54 expression profile of male striped hamsters in the hypothalamus were consistent with the intensity of their seasonal reproductive activity. among different tissues, the expression trend for gpr54 is consistent across 4 seasons, while that for kiss-1 is tissue-dependent. the expression trend for gpr54 across 4 seasons is the same regardless of gender, while that for kiss-1 is dramatically different and sex-dependent across different seasons. these results suggest that the expressions of kiss-1 and gpr54 in the striped hamsters were regulated by complicated mechanisms, and the regulatory mechanisms in the striped hamsters are seasonal-dependent and sex-dependent. this research will provide a theoretical basis for studying how kiss-1 and gpr54 affect seasonal reproduction and the mechanisms behind their influence.
immunology	we investigated the presence of ectoparasites and hemoparasites in side-blotched lizards (uta stansburiana) across a large part of their range and measured how parasitic infection related to several key physiological indicators of health. blood samples were collected from 132 lizards from central arizona, southern utah, and eastern oregon. hemoparasites were found in 22 individuals (3.2% prevalence in arizona, 19.1% in utah, and 6.3% in oregon), and ectoparasites were found on 51 individuals (56.3% prevalence in arizona, 56.1% in utah, and 6.7% in oregon), with 11 individuals infected with both. hemoparasites and ectoparasites were found in all three states. immunocompetence was higher in individuals infected with both hemoparasites and ectoparasites. body condition, glucocorticoid levels, and reproductive investment were not related to infection status. our study provides evidence that parasitic infection is associated with an active immune system in wild reptiles but may not impose other costs usually associated with parasites.
immunology	internal energy reserves of animals are limited, and the current investment in reproduction often decreases survival or future reproductive success. some studies showed that copulatory activities impair the strength of immune function in insects, while the recent evidence is contradictory. in this study we tested whether copulatory activity affects the rate of encapsulation response in males of calopteryx splendens damselfly in allopatric populations, and in sympatric populations where c. splendens stay together with their superior competitor c. virgo. we also counted the number of eugregarines, which are common parasites of damselflies. copulation activity did not affect the immunity of c. splendens males in allopatric populations. in sympatric populations c. splendens males had more gut parasites, and we found a significant interaction between parasite number and copulatory activity on the rate of encapsulation. our results suggest that the costs of reproduction are higher in infected males, which may affect reproductive investment and sexual selection.
immunology	oral tolerance (ot) towards antigens encountered in the gut is a vital immune function of gut immunity. experimental models can demonstrate ot efficacy by feeding of a protein followed by peripheral immunization and measuring the specific antibody titer. we had previously shown that exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-pdioxin (tcdd), a xenobiotic high-affinity aryl hydrocarbon receptor (ahr)-ligand, destabilized ot against ovalbumin ( ova) in mice. ahr is involved in the development, differentiation and function of immune cells, and highly expressed in gut epithelial cells and gut immune cells. we here used ahr-deficient mice to study the role of ahr in ot further. we show that complete ahr-deficiency undermines the stability of oral tolerance against ova upon multiple immunizations, despite no renewed oral encounter with the antigen. this ot destabilization is accompanied by significant changes in il10 and tgf. rna in the gut tissue. using conditional ahr-deficient mouse lines, we identify t cells as the major responsible immune cell type in this context. our findings add to knowledge that lack of ahr signaling in the gut impairs important gut immune functions.
immunology	background respiratory illnesses are a leading cause of morbidity and medical discharge in the military. this study aimed to investigate the effects of baseline aerobic fitness on haematological, salivary and mood variables, and simultaneously, in a novel approach, to identify factors precipitating illness and attrition rate in recruits during military training. methods thirty-five healthy male recruits from an army training regiment undertaking 12 weeks of training were prospectively investigated. their 2.4 km run time (rt) was used as a surrogate of baseline aerobic fitness. saliva and venous blood samples were analysed for secretory iga, full blood counts and cell cytokine production (interleukin (il) 6 and il-8), respectively. each recruit completed questionnaires on mood profile, and gastrointestinal and upper respiratory tract symptoms (urts). results significant salivary and haematological perturbations were observed and coincided with increased duration of urts/week and mood disturbance over this military training period. from start to end: leucocyte count decreased by 28% (p<0.001); neutrophil percentage (%) decreased by 13% (p<0.01); lymphocyte % increased by 17% (p<0.05); the neutrophil:lymphocyte ratio decreased by 22% (p<0.01); eosinophil% increased by 71% (p<0.01). from start to mid to end: monocyte% increased by 68% at mid (p<0.01) but only by 30% at end (p<0.01); il-6 increased by 39% at mid (p<0.01) and a further 61% by end. the 2.4km rt was significantly associated with urts duration (p<0.01). in addition, a 1-min increase in 2.4km rt increased a recruit 's risk 9.8-fold of developing urts lasting, on average, 3.36 days/week. in recruits ranked with high-urts duration their rt was 48 s slower (p<0.01) than those with low-urts, and their attrition rate reached 45%. conclusions the least fit recruits may have found training more physically demanding as reflected in the higher urts duration, which may have led to a high attrition rate from the army. it is worth considering that baseline aerobic fitness might be an important factor in illness development and attrition rate in recruits during this type of military training.
immunology	introduction: the success of the vaccines available on the market has significantly increased interest in vaccine development.areas covered: the main aim of this paper is to discuss the most important vaccines of pediatric interest that are currently being developed. new pneumococcal vaccines and vaccines against group b streptococcus, staphylococcus aureus and respiratory syncytial virus are analyzed in detail.expert commentary: advances in understanding human immunology, including human monoclonal antibody identification, sequencing technology, and the ability to solve atomic level structures of vaccine targets have provided tools to guide the rational design of future vaccines. it is likely that some of these vaccines will reach the market in the future and will thus partially contribute to the prevention of very severe diseases that significantly affect the morbidity and mortality of children. however, further studies in animals and several clinical trials in children must be performed before new vaccines become licensed.
genetics	purpose of review we aimed to produce a comprehensive update on clinical and biological data regarding two rare lymphoid neoplasms, b and t prolymphocytic leukemias, and assess therapeutic management in the light of new molecular insights and the advent of targeted therapies. recent findings b cell prolymphocytic leukemia (b-pll) diagnosis remains challenging in the absence of clear immunophenotypic or cytogenetic signature and overlap with mantle cell lymphoma. new molecular defects have been identified in t cell prolymphocytic leukemia (t-pll), especially in the jak stat pathway. like in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll), b-pll treatment depends on the presence of tp53 dysfunction. in t-pll, alemtuzumab still remains the standard of care. allogeneic transplantation is the only curable option. thanks to reduced intensity conditioning regimens, it has become accessible to a larger number of patients. summary pll prognosis remains poor with conventional therapies. however, great advances in the understanding of both t-and b-pll pathogenesis lead to promising new therapeutic agents.
genetics	microneurographic recordings of human muscle sympathetic nerve activity responses to sudden sensory stimuli (ie, arousal) have revealed 2 intraindividually reproducible response profiles in healthy young males that predict different neural and blood pressure responses to more sustained stress. approximately 50% of subjects inhibit muscle sympathetic nerve activity during arousal, whereas the remaining 50% do not, and the latter group displays a markedly greater blood pressure increase in response to arousal, as well as during and after 3 minutes of mental arithmetic. studying a group of monozygotic twins (10 pairs, 2 excluded from analysis), the aim of the present study was to evaluate the degree of genetic determination of these sympathetic response profiles. muscle sympathetic burst incidence at rest was similar in twins, with a within-pair burst incidence ratio of 0.87 +/- 0.02 (sem) compared with 0.73 +/- 0.07 found in unrelated pairs (p= 0.002), confirming a previous study from our laboratory. in contrast, the sympathetic responses to arousal showed large twin within-pair variance (arousal inhibition ratio 0.56 +/- 0.11), which did not significantly differ (p= 0.939) from the variance in pairs of unrelated subjects (0.46 +/- 0.11). the finding that human muscle sympathetic nerve responses to arousal are less determined by genotype than the resting level of corresponding sympathetic nerve activity suggests that the arousal response pattern is more prone to be altered by environmental factors. this raises the possibility that these intraindividually reproducible sympathetic neural response profiles can be modified in a positive direction from a cardiovascular risk perspective.
genetics	the genetic differentiation among the populations of the european abalone haliotis tuberculata was investigated using different markers to better understand the evolutionary history and exchanges between populations. three markers were used: mitochondrial cytochrome oxidase i (coi), the sperm lysin nuclear gene, and eight nuclear microsatellites. these markers present different characteristics concerning mutation rate and inheritance, which provided complementary information about abalone history and gene diversity. genetic diversity and relationships among subspecies were calculated from a sample of approximately 500 individuals, collected from 17 different locations in the north-eastern atlantic ocean, macaronesia, and mediterranean sea. coi marker was used to explore the phylogeny of the species with a network analysis and two phylogenetic methods. the analysis revealed 18 major haplotypes grouped into two distinct clades with a pairwise sequence divergence up to 3.5 %. these clades do not correspond to subspecies but revealed many contacts along atlantic coast during the pleistocene interglaciations. the sperm lysin gene analysis separated two different subtaxa: one associated to macaronesian islands, and the other to all other populations. moreover, a small population of the northern subtaxon was isolated in the adriatic seaprobably before the separation of the two lineages-and evolved independently. microsatellites were analyzed by different genetics methods, including the bayesian clustering method and migration patterns analysis. it revealed genetically distinct microsatellite patterns among populations from mediterranean sea, brittany and normandy, morocco, and canary and balearic islands. gene flow is asymmetric among the regions; the azores and the canary islands are particularly isolated and have low effective population sizes. our results support the hypothesis that climate changes since the pleistocene glaciations have played a major role in the geographic distribution of the european abalone. traces of these events related to maternal inheritance were shown on coi marker.
genetics	the patella is a sesamoid bone located in the major extensor tendon of the knee joint, in the hindlimb of many tetrapods. although numerous aspects of knee morphology are ancient and conserved among most tetrapods, the evolutionary occurrence of an ossified patella is highly variable. among extant (crown clade) groups it is found in most birds, most lizards, the monotreme mammals and almost all placental mammals, but it is absent in most marsupial mammals as well as many reptiles. here, we integrate data from the literature and first-hand studies of fossil and recent skeletal remains to reconstruct the evolution of the mammalian patella. we infer that bony patellae most likely evolved between four and six times in crown group mammalia: in monotremes, in the extinct multituberculates, in one or more stem-mammal genera outside of therian or eutherian mammals and up to three times in therian mammals. furthermore, an ossified patella was lost several times in mammals, not including those with absent hindlimbs: once or more in marsupials (with some re-acquisition) and at least once in bats. our inferences about patellar evolution in mammals are reciprocally informed by the existence of several human genetic conditions in which the patella is either absent or severely reduced. clearly, development of the patella is under close genomic control, although its responsiveness to its mechanical environment is also important (and perhaps variable among taxa). where a bony patella is present it plays an important role in hindlimb function, especially in resisting gravity by providing an enhanced lever system for the knee joint. yet the evolutionary origins, persistence and modifications of a patella in diverse groups with widely varying habits and habitats-from digging to running to aquatic, small or large body sizes, bipeds or quadrupeds-remain complex and perplexing, impeding a conclusive synthesis of form, function, development and genetics across mammalian evolution. this meta-analysis takes an initial step toward such a synthesis by collating available data and elucidating areas of promising future inquiry.
genetics	given the strong selective pressures often faced by populations when colonizing a novel habitat, the level of variation present on which selection may act is an important indicator of adaptive potential. while often discussed in an ecological context, this notion is also highly relevant in our clinical understanding of viral infection, in which the novel habitat is a new host. thus, quantifying the factors determining levels of variation is of considerable importance for the design of improved treatment strategies. here, we focus on such a quantification of human cytomegalovirus (hcmv) - a virus which can be transmitted across the placenta, resulting in foetal infection that can potentially cause severe disease in multiple organs. recent studies using genomewide sequencing data have demonstrated that viral populations in some congenitally infected infants diverge rapidly over time and between tissue compartments within individuals, while in other infants, the populations remain highly stable. here, we investigate the underlying causes of these extreme differences in observed intrahost levels of variation by estimating the underlying demographic histories of infection. importantly, reinfection (i.e. population admixture) appears to be an important, and previously unappreciated, player. we highlight illustrative examples likely to represent a single-population transmission from a mother during pregnancy and multiple-population transmissions during pregnancy and after birth.
cell_biology	dozens of murine models of indolent and aggressive b-cell lymphomas have been generated to date. these include those manifesting chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll), diffuse large b-cell lymphoma (dlbcl), as well as xenografts of mantle cell lymphoma (mcl). these models have led to an improved understanding of disease etiology, b-cell biology, immunomodulation, and the importance of the tumor microenvironment. despite these efforts in cll, dlbcl, and mcl, considerably little progress toward a model of splenic marginal zone lymphoma (smzl) has been accomplished. herein, we describe the similarities and differences between cll, mcl, and smzl and highlight effective murine models that mimic disease in the two former, in hopes of informing a potential model of the latter. at the time of writing this review, the precise molecular events of smzl remain to be determined and a treatment regimen remains to be identified. therefore, based on the efforts put forth in the b-cell lymphoma field throughout the past three decades, the established role of caveolin-1 in b-and t-cell biology as an oncogene or tumor suppressor, and the recurrent deletion or loss of heterozygosity (loh) of 7q in many cancers, we make recommendations for a murine model of smzl.
cell_biology	phylogeny is often used to compare entire families of genes/proteins. we previously showed that classification of caenorhabditis elegans rho gtpases on the basis of their enzymatic properties was significantly different from sequence alignments. to further develop this concept, we have developed an integrated approach to classify c. elegans small gtpases based on functional data comprising affinity for gtp, sub-cellular localization, tissue distribution and silencing impact. this analysis led to establish a novel functional classification for small gtpases. to test the relevance of this classification in mammals, we focused our attention on the human orthologs of small gtpases from a specific group comprising arf- 1.2, evl-20, arl-1, y54e10br. 2, unc-108 and rab-7. we then tested their involvement in protein secretion and membrane traffic in mammalian systems. using this approach we identify a novel network containing 18 gtpases, and 23 functionally interacting proteins, conserved between c. elegans and mammals, which is involved in membrane traffic and protein secretion.
cell_biology	autophagy is a highly conserved catabolic process, whereby unwanted cytoplasmic contents are enclosed by the double-membrane autophagosomes and delivered to the lysosomes for degradation. it is responsible for the recycling of nutrients and cellular components, thus playing a pivotal role in maintaining cellular homeostasis as well as cell survival during stress conditions. perturbations in autophagy are implicated in multiple diseases, such as cancers and neuro-degeneration diseases. recent studies demonstrate that autophagy may participate in almost every step of immune responses, including pathogen recognition, antigen processing and presentation, immune cell development and function, and immunoregulation. the pathogenesis of some autoimmune diseases, such as multiple sclerosis and crohn 's disease, has been reported to be associated with dysregulated autophagy. systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) is a chronic, potentially fatal autoimmune disease, characterized by dysregulation of immune cells and production of autoantibodies that cause widespread tissue and organ damage. the pathogenesis of sle remains unclear. with several single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) in autophagy-related gene5 (atg5) being linked to sle susceptibility, more and more lines of evidence from animal model, cell biology, immunology, and genetics studies show that autophagy contributes to the occurrence, development, and severity of sle. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
cell_biology	experiences and environments have a variety of effects on brain plasticity at levels ranging from the molecular and cellular to the behavioral. brain plasticity is one of the most important characteristics of animal survival. in particular, environmental enrichment and exercise induce many structural and functional changes in the brain, and it is noteworthy that these changes result in further beneficial effects at behavioral levels, such as improved learning behavior and antidepressant effects. the effects of enrichment and exercise, and the mechanisms involved in both, provide crucial evidence for the prevention and treatment of brain disorders. however, the enriched environment- and exercise-induced mechanisms underlying the structural and behavioral effects in the brain remain poorly understood. in this review i discuss the molecular mechanisms of environment-and experience-dependent brain plasticity based on the results of studies carried out by our research group at the department of neuroscience and cell biology, osaka university. this review consists of three parts: first, a description of a role for the motor protein kif1a in enhanced synaptogenesis and memory function induced by environmental enrichment; second, a discussion of the function of the 5-ht3 receptor in hippocampal neurogenesis and behavioral changes induced by exercise; third, a discussion of the role of the 5-ht3 receptor in fear extinction.
cell_biology	proteomics studies have identified ste20-related proline/alanine-rich kinase (spak) and oxidative stress response 1 (osr1) in exosomes isolated from body fluids such as blood, saliva, and urine. because proteomics studies likely overestimate the number of exosome proteins, we sought to confirm and extend this observation using traditional biochemical and cell biology methods. we utilized hek293 cells in culture to verify the packaging of these ste20 kinases in exosomes. using a series of centrifugation and filtration steps of conditioned culture medium isolated from hek293 cells, we isolated nanovesicles in the range of 40-100 nm. we show that these small vesicles express the tetraspanin protein cd63 and lack endoplasmic reticulum and golgi markers, consistent with these being exosomes. we show by western blot and immunogold analyses that these exosomes express spak, osr1, and na-k-cl cotransporter 1 (nkcc1). we show that exosomes are not only secreted by cells, but also accumulated by adjacent cells. indeed, exposing cultured cells to exosomes produced by other cells expressing a fluorescently labeled kinase resulted in the kinase finding its way into the cytoplasm of these cells, consistent with the idea of exosomes serving as cell-to-cell communication vessels. similarly, coculturing cells expressing different fluorescently tagged proteins resulted in the exchange of proteins between cells. in addition, we show that both spak and osr1 kinases entering cells through exosomes are preferentially expressed at the plasma membrane and that the kinases in exosomes are functional and maintain nkcc1 in a phosphorylated state.
fluid_mechanics	solutions are presented for both laminar developing flow in a curved pipe with a parabolic inlet velocity and laminar transitional flow downstream of a curved pipe into a straight outlet. scalings and linearized analyses about appropriate base states are used to show that both cases obey the same governing equations and boundary conditions. in particular, the governing equations in the two cases are linearized about fully developed poiseuille flow in cylindrical coordinates and about dean 's velocity profile for curved pipe flow in toroidal coordinates respectively. subsequently, we identify appropriate scalings of the axial coordinate and disturbance velocities that eliminate dependence on the reynolds number re and dimensionless pipe curvature alpha from the governing equations and boundary conditions in the limit of small alpha and large re. direct numerical simulations confirm the scaling arguments and theoretical solutions for a range of re and alpha. maximum values of the axial velocity, secondary velocity and pressure perturbations are determined along the curved pipe section. results collapse when the scalings are applied, and the theoretical solutions are shown to be valid up to dean numbers of d = re-2 alpha = o(100). the developing flows are shown numerically and analytically to contain spatial oscillations. the numerically determined decay of the velocity perturbations is also used to determine entrance/development lengths for both flows, which are shown to scale linearly with the reynolds number, but with a prefactor similar to 60% larger than the textbook case of developing flow in a straight pipe.
fluid_mechanics	there are 0.6-1.9% of us children who were born with congenital heart malformations. clinical and animal studies suggest that abnormal blood flow forces might play a role in causing these malformation, highlighting the importance of understanding the fetal cardiovascular fluid mechanics. we performed computational fluid dynamics simulations of the right ventricles, based on four-dimensional ultrasound scans of three 20-wk-old normal human fetuses, to characterize their flow and energy dynamics. peak intraventricular pressure gradients were found to be 0.2-0.9 mmhg during systole, and 0.1-0.2 mmhg during diastole. diastolic wall shear stresses were found to be around 1 pa, which could elevate to 2-4 pa during systole in the outflow tract. fetal right ventricles have complex flow patterns featuring two interacting diastolic vortex rings, formed during diastolic e wave and a wave. these rings persisted through the end of systole and elevated wall shear stresses in their proximity. they were observed to conserve similar to 25.0% of peak diastolic kinetic energy to be carried over into the subsequent systole. however, this carried-over kinetic energy did not significantly alter the work done by the heart for ejection. thus, while diastolic vortexes played a significant role in determining spatial patterns and magnitudes of diastolic wall shear stresses, they did not have significant influence on systolic ejection. our results can serve as a baseline for future comparison with diseased hearts.
fluid_mechanics	even if the variation of nusselt number with reynolds number has been observed before, little to no studies are concerning nanofluids. the present numerical data in the laminar regime were also found to correlate well with the brinkman number for the individual sets and much better globally, by combining all the data sets for nanofluids and water. thus, this work proposes a new correlation between heat transfer rate and brinkman number which is a nondimensional number of viscosity, flow velocity and temperature. the results showed a good empirical equation that nul(re-0.62 pr-0.33) is dependent on a power law function to the brinkman number in laminar flow regime. the proposed correlation can be applied both to water and nanofluid flow, with respect to the nanoparticle loading. it is expected that the equation suggested by this work can be useful to design heating/cooling devices. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
fluid_mechanics	this research focuses on using analytical fluid mechanics to determine whether or not a mitral regurgitation (mr) patient 's echocardiogram reading can be trusted, to assess the severity of his mitral regurgitation (mr). mr occurs when the mitral valve inlet, separating the left atrium and the left ventricle does not fully close during ventricular systole, allowing regurgitant blood to flow backwards from the left ventricle into the left atrium. for clinicians, knowing the severity of this hack-flow is important in preventing eventual heart failure. the coanda effect phenomenon in a particular patient is believed to cause discrepancies in echocardiogram results, leading clinicians to sometimes incorrectly diagnose a patient 's mr severity. we propose to generate a tool for reading undebatable solid geometries in an echocardiogram and using these to judge the prevalence of wall effect to distort a fluid jet being read. using control volume analysis for a regurgitant jet in the mitral valve, an analytical solution for the expected flow profile, based on wall effects around the regurgitant jet is derived. using a turbulent 3d ansys model, detailed velocity and momentum mappings of the blood flowing backwards from the mitral valve into the left atrium are obtained. we believe these are first steps towards understanding wall effects in mr and determining the level of trustworthiness of any echocardiogram reading of mr severity.
fluid_mechanics	a combined experimental and computational study of the transfer of transparent index-matched silica-particle inks between two flat plates is presented for gravure printing applications. the influence of printing speed and initial ink droplet size on the ability to accurately transfer ink during the printing process is explored systematically. smooth interface volume of fluid simulations show the same trends as the ink transfer observed in experiments over a wide range of printing speeds and for inks having different silica particle loadings. our calculations indicate that for ink droplets with characteristic dimensions in the vicinity of 10 mu m, which are of particular interest for gravure printing applications, ink transfer improves significantly due to the diminishing effect of gravity, and the increased importance of capillary forces at small length scales. vc 2016 american institute of chemical engineers aiche j, 63: 1419-1429, 2017
hydraulics	stream restoration efforts in the united states are increasingly aimed towards water quality improvement, yet little process-based guidance exists to compare pollutant removals from different restoration techniques for variable site conditions. excess nitrate (no3-) is a frequent pollutant of concern due to eutrophication in downstream waterbodies such as the chesapeake bay. we used mike she to simulate hydraulics and no3- removal in a 90 m restored reach of stroubles creek, a second-order stream in blacks-burg, virginia. site specific geomorphic, hydrologic, and hydraulic data were used to calibrate the model. we evaluated in-stream structures that induce hyporheic zone denitrification during baseflow and inset floodplains that remove no3- during storm flows. we varied hydraulic conditions (winter baseflow, summer baseflow, storm flow), biogeochemical parameters (literature hyporheic zone denitrification rates and newly available inset floodplain removal rates) and boundary conditions (upstream no3- concentration), sediment conditions (hydraulic conductivity), and stream restoration design parameters (inset floodplain length). our results indicate that no3- removal rates within the 90m reach were minimal. structure-induced hyporheic zone denitrification did not exceed 3.1% of mass flowing in from the upstream channel, was achieved only during favorable background groundwater hydraulic conditions (i.e. summer baseflow), and was transport-limited such that non-trivial removal rates were achieved only when the streambed hydraulic conductivity (k) was at least 10(-4) m/s. inset floodplain nitrogen removal was limited by floodplain residence time and no3- removal rate, and did not exceed 1% of inflowing mass. summing these removals for both restoration practices over the course of the year based on the frequency of storm and summer baseflow conditions yielded similar to 2.1% annual removal. achieving 30% no3- removal required increasing the length of stream reach restored to 0.9 km-819 km (depending on hydraulic conductivity) and 3.8-46 km (depending on inset floodplain length and nitrogen removal rate) for in-stream structures during baseflow and inset floodplains during storm flow, respectively. in one of the first comparisons of process-based modeling to the chesapeake bay program stream restoration guidance, we found that the guidance overestimated hyporheic no3- removal for our modeled reach, but correctly estimated inset floodplain removal. overall, our results indicate that in-stream structures and inset floodplains can improve water quality, but overall required level of effort may be high to achieve desired results. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
hydraulics	gully erosion represents one of the most significant types of land degradation in the mediterranean areas, giving place to important on- and off-site effects. in this paper, a second-order gully located in sw spain is analyzed. along the gully, 28 cross-sections were established and measured with a leica tcrm1102 laser total station, approximately every 6 months from 2001 to 2007. the sections were located at variable distance, placing them in areas where active erosion was evident. in total, 13 field measurements were carried out, and the geometric characteristics of 28 cross-sections were obtained. morphometric analyses were carried out in both the main gully and a tributary reach by applying an empirical relationship between channel length and eroded volume. morphometric variables of the gully sections were combined into two dimensionless groups, and a morphological similarity between different linear erosion land forms (rills, ephemeral and permanent gullies) was obtained. then, the coefficient of variation of the calculated volumes was used to compare the instability between the main gully and the tributary reach. finally, the hydraulic geometry of the gully was assessed by calibrating three empirical power equations, which relate bankfull discharge with mean flow velocity, cross-sectional depth and width. the hydraulic characterization of the main gully and the tributary reach was investigated for each field survey and a different behavior was detected. the hydraulic analysis also demonstrated that higher values of discharge provide better predictions of flow velocity; the size of the main and tributary gullies affects the discharge-width relationship; and that gully depth is the variable which can be predicted with the highest accuracy. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
hydraulics	as one of the candidate tritium breeding blankets for chinese fusion engineering test reactor (cfetr), a conceptual structure of the helium cooled solid breeder blanket has recently been proposed. the neutronic, thermal-hydraulic and mechanical characteristics of the blanket directly affect its tritium breeding and safety performance. therefore, neutronic/thermal-hydraulic/mechanical coupling analyses are of vital importance for a reliable blanket design. in this work, first, three-dimensional neutronics analysis and optimization of the typical outboard equatorial blanket module (no. 12) were performed for the comprehensive optimal scheme. then, thermal and fluid dynamic analyses of the scheme under both normal and critical conditions were performed and coupled with the previous neutronic calculation results. with thermal-hydraulic boundaries, thermo-mechanical analyses of the structure materials under normal, critical and blanket over-pressurization conditions were carried out. in addition, several parametric sensitivity studies were also conducted to investigate the influences of the main parameters on the blanket temperature distributions. in this paper, the coupled analyses verify the reasonability of the optimized conceptual design preliminarily and can provide an important reference for the further analysis and optimization design of the cfetr helium cooled solid breeder blanket. (c)cfetr 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
hydraulics	the two-stage core analysis method is widely used for bwr core analysis. the purpose of this study is to develop a core analysis model coupled with subchannel analysis within the two-stage calculation scheme using an assembly-based thermal-hydraulics calculation in the core analysis. the model changes the 2d lattice physics scheme, and couples with 3d subchahnel analysis which evaluates the thermal-hydraulics characteristics within the coolant flow area divided as some subchannel regions. in order to couple with these two analyses, some bwr fuel assembly parameters are assumed and verified. the developed model is evaluated for the heterogeneous problem with and without a control rod. the present model is especially effective for the control rod inserted condition. the present model can incorporate the subchannel effect into the current two-stage core calculation method. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
hydraulics	natural streams are characterized by variation in cross-section geometry, bed-slope, bed roughness, hydraulic slope, etc., along their channels resulting from several interacting features of the riverine system including the effects of discharge changes, geologic context, sediment load, etc. quantitative and qualitative assessment of river flow dynamics requires sufficient knowledge of hydraulics and these geophysical variables. average flow condition theory expressed as ""at-a-station"" hydraulic geometry (ahg) relations are site-specific power-functions, relating the mean stream channel forms (i.e. water depth, top width, flow velocity, and flow area) to discharge, have been studied since 50s. establishing robust ahg relations requires pre-assessment of data quality by means of uncertainty analysis. our paper introduces a recursive data filtering procedure to find both random and systematic errors in streamflow and river survey data that can be used to produce robust and informative ahg relations. the method is first verified on synthetic data and then by experiments over: (1) real discharge-stage ratings provided by daily streamflow records of u.s. geological survey/national water information system dataset (usgs/nwis), and (2) field river survey measurement data from usgs/nwis. this produces robust ahg relations at 4472 monitoring stations across the u.s. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
computer-aided_design	we used additive manufacturing (3d printing) to create ordered porous beds from a range of geometric shapes, including truncated icosahedra (approximating spheres), tetrahedral, octahedral, triangular bipyramid, and stellar octangular particles. we show that the printed porous media were highly reproducible and had excellent fidelity in physically reproducing computer-aided design models, with differences between designed and experimentally measured particle locations within +/- 0.5%, and within 13% in terms of bed porosity. experimental residence time distributions were measured and the reduced plate height, h, was determined under different reduced velocities (peclet number, pe = 4-400). the results (using equivalent particle diameter to non-dimensionalize) show that, for the simple cubic (sc) arrangement, tetrahedral particles had a lower plate height (h(min) = 1.56) than all other particle shapes tested, including spherical particles. we also, for the first time, experimentally validated computational predictions of the performance of sc, body centered cubic (bcc) and face centered cubic (fcc) arrangements of spheres, confirming that fcc is indeed superior (h(min), = 1.12) to sc (h(min) = 1.62). we conclude that the capability offered by additive manufacturing in controlling not only packing configuration but also shape, position and orientation of the geometric elements within the porous bed may, in the future, play a fundamental role in the design of highly efficient 3d-printed columns. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
computer-aided_design	surface passivation is an essential step for atomistic simulations. there can be many possible surface passivation results for a given device model, such as semiconductor devices that consist of si, gaas, or other materials because the bonding directions of the surface atoms may not be unique. based on the structure analysis of the given model, a generation method with structure descriptor (sdg) is proposed for surface passivation. compared with other existing solutions, the sdg method not only provides trimmer results, but also reduces the torsion angle energy of the model, which is preferred in the simulation of atomistic models. the efficiency of this method was validated through test results from several applications.
computer-aided_design	blackspot is a subsurface potato damage resulting from impacts during harvesting. this type of bruising represents substantial economic losses every year. as the tubers do not show external symptoms, bruise detection in potatoes is not straightforward. therefore, a nondestructive and accurate method capable of identifying bruised tubers is needed. hyperspectral imaging (hsi) has been shown to be able to detect other subsurface defects such as bruises in apples. this method is nondestructive, fast and can be fully automated. therefore, its potential for non-destructive detection of blackspot in potatoes has been investigated in this study. two hsi setups were used, one ranging from 400 to 1000 nm, named visible near infrared (vis-nir) and another covering the 1000-2500 nm range, called short wave infrared (swir). 188 samples belonging to 3 different varieties were divided in two groups. bruises were manually induced and samples were analyzed 1, 5, 9 and 24 h after bruising. pca, simca and pls-da were used to build classifiers. the pls-da model performed better than simca, achieving an overall correct classification rate above 94% for both hyperspectral setups. furthermore, more accurate results were obtained with the swir setup at the tuber level (98.56 vs. 95.46% cc), allowing the identification of early bruises within 5 h after bruising. moreover, the pixel based pls-da model achieved better results in the swir setup in terms of correctly classified samples (93.71 vs. 90.82% cc) suggesting that it is possible to detect blackspot areas in each potato tuber with high accuracy. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
computer-aided_design	low-power is one of the key driving forces in modern very large scale integration systems. recent studies show that 3-d integrated circuits (ics) offer a significant power saving over 2-d ics. however, these studies are mainly limited to two-tier (2-tier) designs. thus, in this paper, we extend our target to three-tier (3-tier) 3-d ics. this paper first shows that the one additional tier available in 3-tier 3-d ics does offer more power saving compared with their 2-tier 3-d ic counterparts, but more careful floorplanning, through-silicon via management, and block folding considerations are required. second, we find that the 3-tiers can be bonded in several different ways: 1) face-to-back only; 2) face-to-face and face-to-back combined; and 3) back-to-back and face-to-face combined. this paper shows that these choices pose additional challenges in design optimizations for more power saving. lastly, we develop effective computer-aided-design solutions that are seamlessly integrated into commercial 2-d ic tools to handle 3-tier 3-d ic power optimization under various bonding style options. with our low-power design methods combined, our 3-tier 3-d ics provide -14.8% more power reduction over 2-tier 3-d ics, and -36.0% over 2-d ics in microprocessor cores under the same performance. in full-chip microprocessors, our 3-tier 3-d ics provide -27.2% more power reduction over 2-d ics.
computer-aided_design	all-spin logic (asl) devices provide a promising spintronics-based alternative for boolean logic implementations in the post-complementary metal-oxide semiconductor (cmos) era. in principle, any logic functionality can be implemented in asl. in practice, the performance of an asl gate is significantly affected by layout choices, but such implications have not been adequately explored in the past. this article proposes a systematic approach for building standard cells in asl, which are a basic building block in an overall design methodology for implementing large asl-based circuits. we first propose a new technique to reduce the magnet count for an asl majority gate but still ensure correct functioning through layout optimization methods. building on physics-based analysis, we then build a standard cell library with diverse functionality and characterize the library for delay, energy, and area. we perform delay-optimized technology mapping on iscas85 benchmark circuits using our library. our approach results in circuits that are 12.90% faster, consume 26.16% less energy, and are 33.56% more area efficient compared to a standard cell library that does not incorporate layout-based optimization techniques of our work.
manufacturing_engineering	this paper presents a neural network-based vision inspection system interfaced with a robot to detect and report ic lead defects on-line. the vision system consists of custom software that contains a neural network database for each of the ics to be inspected on a pcb. the vision system uses gray scale images and a single layer neural network with three outputs based on defect criteria. each ic has a different inspection area, thus, the input vector varies for each of the ics. the ic networks were trained with matlab 's bayesian regularization module. performance of each of the networks investigated was found to be 100%, based on the defect criteria. this system has been implemented and tested on several electronic products using proe, c++ and opengl software platforms [r. balderas, s. bose, automated robotic inspection system for electronic manufacturing, mse thesis, manufacturing engineering department, ut-pan american, 2002; a.i. edinbarough. j. amieva, experimental study on the robotics vision inspection of electronic components, bs thesis, engineering technology department, ut-brownsville, 2002]. (c) 2005 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
manufacturing_engineering	project based learning techniques have given rise to other learning techniques as research works based learning (rwbl). this technique is especially interested in the teching-learning process of materials processing technologies related disciplines. this work reports on the results of the application of rwbl techniques in a subject of the cadiz university 's master in manufacturing engineering: engineering of non-conventional materials removing processes. proposed research works have been designed on the basis of a classic research paper structure: introduction, state of the art, experimental procedure, results, discussion and conclusions. these proposed works were focused on a comparative analysis of different machining processes, mainly, electro-discharge machining, abrasive waterjet machining and high speed machining. this experience can be considered highly successful because the 100% of the students reached the learning objectives of the subject.
manufacturing_engineering	tests of physical vapour deposition (pvd) coatings performed in the past at nasa glenn research center (grc) in real fluid film bearing environment revealed inconsistencies in coating behaviour. currently, a new lot of bearings with an improved diamond-like carbon (dlc) coating was tested. the oil-off tests revealed an improved coating performance for the new bearing lot than for previously-examined cases. in order to check the consistency in coating performance, bearings from the new lot ran 100 cumulative hours without oil-supply. coating analyses before and after the tests in real fluid film bearing environment were performed at nasa grc. investigations were additionally conducted by means of an innovative indentation technique and related finite element method simulations on the coatings of 2 of the bearings, one already tested in real-environment conditions and the other one new, at the laboratory for machine tools and manufacturing engineering of the aristotle university of thessaloniki, greece.
manufacturing_engineering	cutting movements in football (soccer) induce high loads on the anterior cruciate ligament in the knee. the injury risk is affected by the shoe-surface interaction. for the evaluation of different influencing factors of this interaction the traktester, a custom-made device, was used. to obtain significant results from testing acl loading a realistic plantar pressure distribution in the shoe is required. using the traktester several cutting movements were carried out using two different foot models with the resultant plantar pressure analysed with three different systems: the original foot model with parotec insoles (24 integrated sensors; paromed gmbh, markt neubeuern, germany), the modified version of this foot model with pedar-x insoles (99 sensors; novel gmbh, munich, germany) and the inflexible model was surveyed with the opengo science system (13 sensors, moticon, munich, germany). for the inflexible model distinct angles between the lower leg and the surface were adjusted and the obtained plantar pressure distributions were analyzed. as the first version showed high pressures in the arch region, it was modified to reduce the load in this area. a second inflexible model induced the pressure in the heel and forefoot region. for various angles similar plantar pressure distributions were obtained. highest pressures were applied on the medial side of the heel and forefoot with minor load in the arch region. this corresponds to literature data investigating cutting movements with subjects. tests with the inflexible foot model achieved similar and realistic patterns of the plantar pressure distribution for different angles. this is an important precondition to obtain reproducible data for acl loading during cutting movements. (c) 2013 the authors. published by elsevier ltd. selection and peer-review under responsibility of the school of aerospace, mechanical and manufacturing engineering, rmit university
manufacturing_engineering	the compliance of increasing requirements on the final product often constitutes a challenge in manufacturing of metal parts. the common problem represents the precise reproduction of geometrical form. the reasons for form deviation can be e. g. varying properties of the semi-finished product as well as wear of the punch-bending machine or the punch-bending tool themself. usually the process parameters are manually adjusted on the introduction of new production scenario or after the deviation between the actual form of produced pieces and the designed form become clear. the choice of new process parameters is normally based on the experience of the machine operators. it leads to a time-consuming and expensive procedure right on the early stages of production scenarios as well as during the established production process. furthermore, the trend of miniaturization of part sizes along with narrowing tolerances and increase in the strengths of materials drastically pushes up the requirements on the production process. aiming at reduction of scrap rate and setup-time of production scenarios, a model-based approach is chosen to design a self-correcting control strategy. the strategy is designed by modeling the bending process. in the first step the bending process has to be analyzed on the model by varying of process variables influencing the process significantly. it is done by corresponding simulations. after that, the correlations between significant variables and geometrical deviation were defined and different self-correcting control strategies were designed and tested. in order to identify and validate the simulation and to test the quality of the self-correcting control strategies, a special experimental tool was built up. the experimental tool is equipped with an additional measurement device and can be operated on a universal testing machine. finally, the self-correcting control strategies were tested under real production conditions on the original tool in order to address further influences of the punch-bending machine on the manufacturing process.
machine_design	the complexity of products is increasing as more and more functions and structures are included in them, leading to higher requirements on better understand of users' behaviour in term of using the product during the early engineering design phase. although, industry and academia agree that human aspects are important for the success of the product, there are few methods that support the designers concerning these factors during the synthesis of the design process. the article describes a behaviour design approach (bda) to be used by industrial engineers, designers and ergonomists for ergonomic analysis and evaluation in product or machine design. this approach has been developed for both expert and non-expert practitioners, who can integrate user behaviour and product behaviour during the design phase for improving product performance.
machine_design	the integrated starter generator replaces the conventional starter and alternator with one electrical machine handling both functions. start/stop functionality, vehicle launch assistance, and higher speed transient power supplementing enhance the vehicle performance at the lower fuel consumption rate. this functionality requires the electrical machine to provide high starting and launch assistant torque in motoring mode and relatively high power capability over the wide speed range for battery charging. the overall cost of the system is the underlining concern and crucial part of the design optimization. this paper focuses on advantages of induction machines (ims) in automotive industry and an approach to design a cost-effective electrical machine for belted starter-alternator applications. design optimization of the im is described to achieve desired performance, including rotor bar count, solid conductor (bar winding) versus stranded winding design, rotor bar shape optimization, and finally performance maps for the electrical machine, including both predicted and measured results. a thermal study of the machine is also presented, as well as the noise, vibration, and harshness (nvh) consideration in the design selection.
machine_design	a mesh-based magnetic equivalent circuit has been derived to model the dynamics of wound rotor synchronous machines (wrsms). a particular focus has been placed on the derivation of flux tubes to model machines with an arbitrary number of damper bars placed at an arbitrary depth in the rotor pole tip. faraday 's law is applied to establish a state model in which winding and damper bar flux linkages are selected as state variables. the resulting coupled magnetic equivalent circuit/state model is solved to predict machine dynamics. an important attribute of the model is that saturation is represented without the need for a relaxation factor, which enables its use as a practical tool in machine design. data obtained from hardware experiment and a finite-element model are used to validate the proposed methods.
machine_design	this paper proposes an axial-flux-modulation permanent magnet (pm) machine and its sensorless control strategy for in-wheel application in electrical vehicles. a vernier structure is integrated with the axial-flux pm machine to include the magnetic gear effect and improve output torque. the sensorless control strategy of the proposed machine, including initial rotor position estimation and rotating position estimation, is proposed for flux-modulation motors in this paper. the initial rotor position estimation is based on the technique of rectangular pulse voltage injection and the rotating rotor position estimation is based on the sliding mode observer (smo). the saturation effect on inductances, which is the theoretical basis of the rectangular pulse voltage injection, makes the stator parameter variation in different loads and affects the smo estimation. to overcome this problem, a novel online parameter self-adjustment procedure for the smois introduced. the machine design and its sensorless control performance are verified by simulation and prototype experiments.
machine_design	purpose - the purpose of this paper is to introduce a new design optimization technique for a surface mounted permanent magnet (smpm) machine to increase sensorless performance at high loadings by compromising with torque capability. design/methodology/approach - an smpm parametric machine model was created and analysed by finite element analysis (fea) software by means of the matlab environment. eight geometric parameters of the machine were optimized using genetic algorithms (gas). the outer volume of the machine, namely copper loss per volume, was kept constant. in order to prevent sensorless performance loss at high loading, an optimization process was realized using two loading stages: maximum torque with minimum ripple at nominal load and maximum self-sensing capability at twice load. in order to show the effectiveness of the proposed technique, the obtained results were compared with the classical one-stage optimization realized for each loading condition separately. findings - with the proposed technique, fairly good performance results of the optimization were obtained when compared with the one-stage optimizations. using the proposed technique, sensorless performance of the motor was highly increased by compromising torque capability for high loading. additionally, this paper shows that the self-sensing properties of a smpm machine should be considered at the design stage of the machine. originality/value - in related literature, design optimization studies for the sensorless capability of smpm motor are very few. by increasing optimization performance, new proposed technique provides to achieve good result at high load for sensorless performance compromising torque capability.
thermodynamics	we compare the extent to which the properties of simple liquids are pertinent to short to moderate chain n-alkanes ranging from ethane (c-2) to dodecane (c-12). explicit geometric features such as bonds, angles and dihedral potentials in currently available models of n-alkanes make these systems more realistic, and distinct from the generalized lennard-jones chain fluids. our study confirms that the presence of these flexible geometric constraints completely suppresses the energy-virial correlation in these systems. however, they are found to have a strong energy-virial correlation in high density region of their phase diagram when the contribution from these geometric constraints are excluded. for fluids having simple liquid like behavior, semi-quantitative relationships between structure, dynamics, and thermodynamics are well established. range of state points is explored to test the applicability of such relationships for n-alkanes. considering the collection of monomer beads as the reference state, thermodynamic and structural entropic measures are systematically compared with and without intramolecular contributions. we show that the pair entropy computed with explicit intramolecular geometric constraints correlates well with thermodynamic excess entropy. both the thermodynamic and pair entropy have strong isochore dependence with reduced diffusivity. intermolecular pair entropy correlates well with reduced diffusivity. the role of multiparticle correlations is highlighted for predicting thermodynamic and transport properties in these chain systems. triplet correlations in addition to pair correlations are used as an attempt to improve the structural contribution to excess entropy. we show that if the three particle contribution is included in the computation of structural entropy, the resulting value overestimates the excess entropy. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
thermodynamics	for many years, the traditional process of gardenia yellow pigment extraction has produced wastewater containing significant quantities of geniposidic acid (gsa), a substance that could be put to pharmacological uses if it could be effectively recovered. this study aimed to provide an efficient adsorption material, d08, for recycling gsa. batch experiments showed that adsorption capacity depends on initial concentration and temperature. the maximal adsorption capacity of gsa onto an anionic exchanger reached 310 mg/g. the pk(a) value of gsa was determined to be 4.21. pore diffusion coefficients (d-p) of gsa for 283, 298 and 313 k were 3.274 x 10(-10), 5.069 x 10(-10) and 7.356 x 10(-10) m(2)/s, respectively. recovery efficiency of gsa was achieved to 99.81 %. in comparison with pseudo first-order and pseudo second-order equations, the pdm model demonstrated the best fit to the kinetics data of gsa adsorption. adsorption/desorption experiments proved that d08 offers great adsorption capacity, high adsorption rate and good repeatability. in order to help us to accurately comprehend the mass transfer process, numerical simulation and post-processing to variables c(r, t) and q(r, t) were performed to clarify the adsorption process.
thermodynamics	we show how statistical thermodynamics can be formulated in situations of metaequilibrium or metastability (as in the cases of supercooled liquids or of glasses respectively). by analogy with phenomenological thermodynamics, the primary quantities considered are the heat q absorbed and the work w performed by the system of interest. these are defined through the energy exchanges which occur when the system is put in contact with a thermostat and with a barostat, the whole system being dealt with as a global hamiltonian dynamical system. the coefficients of the fundamental form turn out to have such expressions that the closure of the form is manifest: this gives the first principle. a further step is performed by making use of time reversibility. this provides new expressions for the coefficients, such that the second principle in the form of clausius is also manifest. such coefficients are expressed in terms of time-autocorrelations of suitable dynamical variables, in a way analogous to that of fluctuation dissipation theory for equilibrium states. all these results are independent of the ergodicity properties of the global dynamical system.
thermodynamics	we present a thorough characterization of fragmentations observed in threshold collision-induced dissociation (tcid) experiments of protonated triglycine (h(+)ggg) with xe using a guided ion beam tandem mass spectrometer (gibms). kinetic energy-dependent cross-sections for 10 ionic products are observed and analyzed to provide 0 k barriers for six primary products: [b(2)](+), [y(1) + 2h](+), [b(3)](+), co loss, [y(2) + 2h](+), and [a(1)](+); three secondary products: [a(2)](+), [a(3)](+), and [y(2) + 2h - co](+); and two tertiary products: high energy [y(1) + 2h](+) and [a(2) - co](+) after accounting for multiple ion-molecule collisions, internal energy of reactant ions, unimolecular decay rates, competition between channels, and sequential dissociations. relaxed potential energy surface scans performed at the b3lyp-d3/6-311+g(d,p) level of theory are used to identify transition states (tss) and intermediates of the six primary and one secondary products. geometry optimizations and single point energy calculations were performed at several levels of theory. these theoretical energies are compared with experimental energies and are found to give reasonably good agreement, in particular for the m06-2x level of theory. this good agreement between experiment and theory validates the reaction mechanisms explored computationally here and elsewhere and allows identification of the product structures formed at threshold energies. the present work presents the first measurement of absolute experimental threshold energies of important sequence ions and non-sequence ions: [y(1) + 2h](+), [b(3)](+), co loss, [a(1)](+), and [a(3)](+), and refines those for [b(2)](+) and [y(2) + 2h](+) previously measured.
thermodynamics	taking into account the perturbative corrections of einstein (en)-maxwell gravity, we study thermodynamical behavior of the black holes in the context of geometrical thermodynamics (gt). we consider a quadratic maxwell invariant as a correction of maxwell theory in electromagnetic viewpoint and gauss-bonnet (gb) gravity as a correction of en theory in gravitational point of view. we study thermodynamical phase transition and show that employing weinhold, ruppeiner and quevedo approaches fails to produce desirable results. next, hendi-panahiyan-eslam panah-momennia (hpem) metric will be employed in order to study gt of the solutions. we show that this metric is capable of matching all the divergence points of its thermodynamical curvature scalar with phase transition and bound points. moreover, the effects of the variation of different parameters on phase transition points will be investigated.
materials_engineering	the paper refers to the approach used in science, specifically in building materials engineering, assuming the possibility of material modeling, including modeling of the technical characteristics of building materials of various compositions as well as modeling phenomena/processes that occur during the use of materials and structures made from them. the authors analyze the merits of the approach of modeling in the context of compliance computational models to reality, consider the significance of the selection of the proper model (type of mathematical function, number of input data) which should be based on the knowledge of modeled material or phenomenon and later adequate verification of the model. the authors also underline importance of proper interpretation of results obtained by calculation. misrepresentation may result in a misstated model of the studied phenomenon and lead to incorrect conclusions, which puts the researcher far from the truth, that he or she should always seek for.
materials_engineering	the mapping of the human genome is an important basis for the development of new medicals and medical treatments. consequently, it has attracted tremendous research funding over the last decade. on june 2011, the materials genome initiative was announced by the us president obama as collaboration on modeling and advanced materials databases. unfortunately, the materials genome was given a rather vague definition in the announcement. however, the materials genome should be defined in analogy with biological genomes and one may then conclude that: at any moment, the performance of a specific material depends on its chemical composition ( inherent property stored in its genome) and its environment ( external interactions-processing-conditions during usage). the materials genome should thus be defined as a set of information encoded in the language of thermodynamics obtained by careful assessment of experimental data and quantum mechanical calculations from which certain conclusions about the material can be drawn. the calphad databases contain the thermodynamic and kinetic properties of a materials system. such databases allow the prediction of materials structure as well as its response to processing and usage conditions, and are major parts of integrated computational materials engineering.
materials_engineering	mechanosensory neurons detect physical events in the local environments of the tissues that they innervate. studies of mechanosensitivity of neurons or nerve endings in the gut have related their firing to strain, wall tension, or pressure. digital image correlation (dic) is a technique from materials engineering that can be adapted to measure the local physical environments of afferent neurons at high resolution. flat-sheet preparations of guinea pig distal colon were set up with arrays of tissue markers in vitro. firing of single viscerofugal neurons was identified in extracellular colonic nerve recordings. the locations of viscerofugal nerve cell bodies were inferred by mapping firing responses to focal application of the nicotinic receptor agonist 1,1dimethyl-4-phenylpiperazinium iodide. mechanosensory firing was recorded during load-evoked uniaxial or biaxial distensions. distension caused movement of surface markers which was captured by video imaging. dic tracked the markers, interpolating the mechanical state of the gut at the location of the viscerofugal nerve cell body. this technique revealed heterogeneous load-evoked strain within preparations. local strains at viscerofugal nerve cell bodies were usually smaller than global strain measurements and correlated more closely with mechanosensitive firing. both circumferential and longitudinal strain activated viscerofugal neurons. simultaneous loading in circumferential and longitudinal axes caused the highest levels of viscerofugal neuron firing. multiaxial strains, reflecting tissue shearing and changing area, linearly correlated with mechanosensory firing of viscerofugal neurons. viscerofugal neurons were mechanically sensitive to both local circumferential and local longitudinal gut strain, and appear to lack directionality in their stretch sensitivity.
materials_engineering	this paper presents the result of a teaching methodology in a first year engineering subject, materials and processes, to improve the overall grade and associated pass rate. students with borderline university entrance have shown great difficulty during their first year in the engineering degree program. the ""smoothing-in"" of school graduates into the first year is a transition period, with second year being the first intensive engineering form of study. at our university, a system of teaching and learning strategies in a common first year subject, materials and processes, has been implemented over the past few years to improve both the grades and the student pass rate. this approach was taken because many universities have to accept students with lower entrance scores to fill quotas in engineering which are increasing, as employment prospects pick up. in this first year subject, the student academic results have increased an overall grade but not with a cohort pass rate. results from a series of student surveys indicate significant positive student feedback on this teaching and learning approach which resulted in the grade improvement. these results have encouraged the continuation of similar approaches to other first year subjects.
materials_engineering	increasing concerns regarding oil spills, air pollution, and climate change associated with fossil fuel use have increased the urgency of the search for renewable, clean sources of energy. this assessment describes the potential of ocean thermal energy conversion (otec) to produce not only clean energy but also potable water, refrigeration, and aquaculture products. higher oil prices and recent technical advances have improved the economic and technical viability of otec, perhaps making this technology more attractive and feasible than in the past. relatively high capital costs associated with otec may require the integration of energy, food, and water production security in small island developing states (sidss) to improve cost-effectiveness. successful implementation of otec at scale will require the application of insights and analytical methods from economics, technology, materials engineering, marine ecology, and other disciplines as well as a subsidized demonstration plant to provide operational data at near-commercial scales. (c) 2011 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
strength_of_materials	in this paper, the method of discrete element model (dem) simulation was used to investigate the mechanical properties of sic ceramic materials under the action of pre-stress. using the bonded particle model (bpm), several different numerical tests (such as uct, tpb, senb tests) of sic ceramic were established. different pre-stress values were applied on the lateral surface of the ceramic specimen during the numerical simulation process, all tests were carried out at least 5 times with different random number, and the average mechanical properties results were calculated. it was showed that the existence of pre-stress has a significant effect on the mechanical properties of materials. it can enhance the strength of materials, while the force action on material in machining process force or action force the crack 's initiation and propagation was limited.
strength_of_materials	currently, within the framework of graduate education the student has to make a strong self-learning work. in the technical field this task is complicated by the difficulty of the contents covered. so to make better use of sessions is necessary that the student reaches previous knowledge independently of addressing the truly relevant contents and difficulties at these meetings. the work consists in the design of a didactic unit combining e-learning activities with sessions in order to improve academic productivity in the new context of higher education. the unit is designed in the engineering field, specifically in the subject of strength of materials of a mechanical engineering degree. by combining telelearning activities the student will acquire the basic skills needed to carry out a practical activity, consisting in the analysis, using the technique of photoelasticity. students must attain the knowledge and skills necessary for the practice in the laboratory and then fulfill the evaluation of the results, responding to questions asked by the teacher.]
strength_of_materials	hollow silica spheres were synthesized by template/sol-gel approach, using cationic polystyrene (ps) as template and tetraethoxysilane (teos) as precursor. the void size of hollow silica sphere was decided by the diameter of their ps templates. hollow silica spheres with controllable size between 0.71 mu m and 1.8 mu m were obtained by varying the parameters of polymerization (the monomer, the initiator, the stabilizer and the polarity of the dispersion medium). the shell thickness of hollow silica spheres could be easily changed in the range of 20 nm to 60 nm by changing the teos concentration from 0.4 mmol/l to 0.8 mmol/l. both the size and shell thickness of hollow silica spheres have effects on their bulk density, the thermal conductivity and strength of materials.
strength_of_materials	nanostructured materials are a relatively new class of materials that exhibit advanced mechanical properties, thus improving performance and capabilities of products, with potential applications in the automotive, aerospace and defense industries. among the severe plastic deformation (spd) methods currently used for achieving nanoscale structures, accumulative roll bonding (arb) is the most favorable method to produce grain refinement for continuous production of metallic sheets at a bulk scale. in this article, a model that describes the evolution of material strength due to processing via accumulative roll bonding was developed. arb experiments were conducted on cp-ti grade 2 at a selected set of conditions. the results showed significant grain refinement in the microstructure (down to similar to 120 nm) and a two-fold increase in tensile strength as compared to the as-received material. the developed model was validated using the experimental data, and exhibited a good fit over the entire range of arb processing cycles. to further validate the model and ensure its robustness for a wider array of materials (beyond cp-ti), a review of efforts on arb processing was carried out for five other materials with different initial microstructures, mechanical properties, and even crystalline structures. the model was still able to capture the strengthening trends in all considered materials. (c) 2013 the society of manufacturing engineers. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
strength_of_materials	the duration of load (dol) effect is the combined influence of the mechanical loading history and climatic history on the strength of materials. dol effect is one of the most important characteristics of wood and wood-based materials. the material degradation or damage induces strength reductions. creep is one of the most important effects of dol. creep is a phenomenon that negatively affects functional compliance, behavior and strength of timber structures in extended years of exploitation. the creep phenomenon is affected by surrounding temperature, relative humidity, timber moisture content and other factors. the study aimed to establish a correct factor system for accurate prediction of long-term deformations of timber structures that is corresponding to environmental conditions and timber properties in the region of latvia. the experimental research was made in jelgava, latvia, and represents timber beam four-point long-term loading in bending with variable cross section height-span length ratio under uncontrolled climatic conditions. there were 12 timber beams with two different span lengths - 1.32 m and 1.50 m used. the timber beam cross section dimensions: height - 60 mm, width - 30 mm. the timber beams were not dried and the moisture content at the start of the experiment varied from 19% to 33%. the applied load values - 0.40 kn and 0.31 kn. moisture content fluctuations and negative air temperature accelerated creep development and intensity. prediction of final long-term deformations should rate not only the type of timber material and service class but the strength class, too.
internal_combustion_engine	a comprehensive mathematical model is proposed to calculate the optimal leg length and cross-section area of teg unit to maximize the peak output power. the model shows that for a teg unit, there exists an optimal ratio of leg length and leg cross-section area corresponding to the maximum peak output power with a convective thermal boundary condition, and the optimal leg length and cross-section area can be further calculated based on the optimal ratio. the mathematical model is also validated in this paper, and the corresponding error is within a reasonable range. moreover, the effects of the leg length and leg area on the peak output power, the peak output power density and the efficiency of teg unit with different thermal boundary conditions are also discussed. this study will provide guidance for the structure design optimization of teg unit. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
internal_combustion_engine	internal combustion engines were the technology of choice for propulsion and decentral power supply in the last century. due to the high energy density of hydrocarbon based fuels that could so far not be reached by alternative technologies they will keep their leading role in most applications for the next decades. although, its general functionality seems to be unchanged since its invention, the internal combustion engine has gone through substantial developments driven by various challenges. within these, the pollution control has to be named first due to its role as the main driver for engine and aftertreatment development since the discussions on air quality which started 70 years ago. meanwhile, all industrialized countries and most of the emerging countries have more or less stringent regulations for the main harmful exhaust components (hc, co, nox, particulates). the second main challenge to be named is the reduction of co2 emissions. various engine technologies that are currently used to tackle these global trends lead to major impact on the exhaust aftertreatment components. to tackle these challenges the exhaust aftertreatment development has to be understood as integrated, multi-disciplinary and multi-scale design process considering engine design and operation, on board diagnosis and aftertreatment design and operation likewise.
internal_combustion_engine	using closed loop control of the internal combustion engine is beneficial to reducing emission and fuel consumption. accurate combustion parameters are the foundation of effective closed loop control. some combustion parameters, including the start of combustion, the location of maximum pressure rise rate and the location of peak pressure can be identified from the vibration signals. empirical mode decomposition (emd) method is introduced to reconstruct the vibration acceleration signal, from which the combustion parameters are identified. however, there are angle deviations between the combustion parameters extracted from the reconstructed vibration acceleration signal and those from the cylinder pressure. algorithms to correct the angle deviations are introduced. a system deviation value is used to correct the extracted start of combustion with an error bound being within 0.6 degrees ca. two algorithms are proposed to correct the deviation between the predicted location of maximum pressure rise rate and that from the cylinder pressure. test results show that the two algorithms are able to correct the deviation within 0.3 degrees ca error bound. the location of peak pressure can be predicted with the knee point following the peak value in the reconstructed vibration acceleration signal. the predicted result is then corrected using a linear regression of the location of peak pressure versus the knee point within 0.5 degrees ca error bound. a real-time monitoring framework is utilized for calculating the combustion parameter prediction. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
internal_combustion_engine	this work describes an integrated method of 3d modelling algorithms with a modal approach in a multibody environment which provides a slimmer and more efficient simulation of flexible component contacts realistically reproducing system impacts and vibrations. a non-linear numerical model of the impulse contact forces based on the continuity approach of lankarani and nikravesh is developed. the model developed can evaluate deformation energy taking into account the material 's characteristics, surface geometries and the velocity variations of the bodies in contact. adams (r)-type modelling is applied to the sliding contacts of the links of a chain and its mechanical tensioner (""blade"") in the timing of an internal combustion engine. the blade was discretized by subdividing it into smaller components inter-connected with corresponding centres of gravity through 3d general forces. static and dynamic tests were performed to evaluate the stiffness, damping and friction parameters for the multibody model and to validate the methodology.
internal_combustion_engine	recycling braking energy is significant to improve the total energy efficiency of electric vehicles (evs). moreover, braking safety must be maintained under complex conditions. as the actuator, the electric traction motor has much better features than the internal combustion engine, e.g., faster torque response and capability for energy feedback. from the perspective of energy efficiency and safety, highlighting regenerative braking is a meaningful but challenging problem. in this paper, a braking system using only electric motors/generators as the actuators is investigated, in which the energy may be potentially fed back to the onboard energy storage system (ess) as much as possible. the energy that may be recovered to the ess is analyzed. tomaintain the stability and to improve the performance of the regenerative braking in unknown tire-road conditions, a knowledge-based methodology in a hierarchical control structure is proposed, where the maximum adhesion force and the motor reference torque (mrt) are determined online. the proposed methodology avoids the complex determination of the optimumslip ratio, while acquiring nearly the optimumantiskid braking performance. simulation and experiment were carried out to validate the effectiveness.
