alzheimer's_disease	long noncoding rnas (lncrnas) are transcripts with low protein-coding potential but occupy a large part of transcriptional output. their roles include regulating gene expression at the epigenetic, transcriptional, and post-transcriptional level in cellular homeostasis. however, lncrna studies are still in their infancy and the functions of the vast majority of lncrna transcripts remain unknown. it is generally known that the function of the human nervous system largely relies on the precise regulation of gene expression. various studies have shown that lncrnas have a significant impact on normal neural development and on the development and progression of neurodegenerative diseases. in this review, we focused on recent studies associated with lncrnas in neurodegenerative diseases, including alzheimer 's disease (ad), parkinson 's disease (pd), huntington 's disease (hd), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als), multiple system atrophy (msa), frontotemporal lobar degeneration (ftld), and glaucoma. glaucoma, caused by unexplained ganglion cell lesion and apoptosis, is now labeled as a chronic neurodegenerative disorder [1], and therefore, we discussed the association of lncrnas with glaucoma as well. we illustrate the role of some specific lncrnas, which may provide new insights into our understanding of the etiology and pathophysiology of the neurodegenerative diseases mentioned above.
alzheimer's_disease	the formation of soluble oligomers of amyloid beta 42 and 40 (a beta 42, a beta 40) is the initial event in the pathogenesis of alzheimer 's disease (ad). based on previous systematic proline replacement and solid-state nmr, we proposed a toxic dimer structure of a beta 42, a highly aggregative alloform, with a turn at positions 22 and 23, and a hydrophobic core in the c-terminal region. however, in addition to a beta 42, a beta 40 dimers can also contribute to ad progression because of the more abundance of a beta 40 monomer in biological fluids. here, we describe the synthesis and characterization of three dimer models of the toxic-conformation constrained e22p-a beta 40 using l,l-2,6-diaminopimeric acid (dap) or l,l-2,8diaminoazelaic acid (daz) linker at position 30, which is incorporated into the intermolecular parallel beta-sheet region, and dap at position 38 in the c-terminal hydrophobic core. e22p-a3odap-a beta 40 dimer (1) and e22p-a3odaz-a beta 40 dimer (2) existed mainly in oligomeric states even after 2 weeks incubation without forming fibrils, unlike the corresponding monomer. their neurotoxicity toward sh-sy5y neuroblastoma cells was very weak. in contrast, e22p-g38dap-a beta 40 dimer (3) formed beta-sheet rich oligomeric aggregates, and exhibited more potent neurotoxicity than the corresponding monomer. ion mobility mass spectrometry suggested that high molecular-weight oligomers (12-24-mer) of 3 form, but not for 1 and 2 after 4 h incubation. these findings indicate that formation of the hydrophobic core at the c-terminus, rather than intermolecular parallel beta-sheet, triggers the formation of toxic a beta oligomers. compound 3 may be a suitable model for studying the etiology of alzheimer 's disease.
alzheimer's_disease	available cholinergic drugs for treating alzheimer 's disease (ad) provide modest symptomatic benefit. we hypothesized that co-administration of a peripheral anticholinergic to reduce dose-limiting adverse effects (aes) would enable the safe/tolerable use of higher cholinesterase inhibitor doses and thus improve their antidementia efficacy. a modified single-blind, ascending-dose, phase iia study of donepezil plus solifenacin (cpc-201) lasting 26 weeks was conducted in 41 patients with probable ad of moderate severity. entry criteria included the use of donepezil at a dose of 10 mg/day during the preceding 3 months. the primary outcome measure was the maximum tolerated dose (mtd) of donepezil achieved (to protocol limit of 40 mg/day) when administered with the anticholinergic solifenacin 15 mg/day. secondary measures included assessments of cognitive and global function, as well as of aes. the mean +/- sd donepezil mtd increased to 38 +/- 0.74 mg/day (median 40 mg/day; p < 0.001); 88% of the study population safely attained this dose at the end of titration. markedly reduced donepezil ae frequency, especially gastrointestinal, allowed this dose increase. there were no drug-related serious aes or clinically significant laboratory abnormalities. at 26 weeks, alzheimer 's disease assessment scale cognitive component scores in the efficacy evaluable population improved by 0.35 +/- 0.85 points over baseline (p < 0.05), an estimated 2.5 +/- 0.84 points above 10 mg/day donepezil and 5.4 +/- 0.84 points above historic placebo (both p < 0.05). clinical global impression of improvement scores improved by 0.94 +/- 0.20 to 3.1 +/- 0.20 points (p < 0.001). the findings suggest that limiting donepezil aes by co-administration of solifenacin allows the safe administration of substantially higher cholinesterase inhibitors doses that may augment cognitive and global benefits in patients with ad.
alzheimer's_disease	in the present study, we have tested whether mri t-1 relaxation time is a sensitive marker to detect early stages of amyloidosis and gliosis in the young 5xfad transgenic mouse, a well-established animal model for alzheimer 's disease. 5xfad and wild-type mice were imaged in a 4.7 t varian horizontal bore mri system to generate t-1 quantitative maps using the spin-echo multi-slice sequence. following immunostaining for glial fibrillary acidic protein, iba-1, and amyloid-beta, t-1 and area fraction of staining were quantified in the posterior parietal and primary somatosensory cortex and corpus callosum. in comparison with age-matched wild-type mice, we observed first signs of amyloidosis in 2.5-month-old 5xfad mice, and development of gliosis in 5-month-old 5xfad mice. in contrast, mri t-1 relaxation times of young, i.e., 2.5- and 5-month-old, 5xfad mice were not significantly different to those of age-matched wild-type controls. furthermore, although disease progression was detectable by increased amyloid-beta load in the brain of 5-month-old 5xfad mice compared with 2.5-month-old 5xfad mice, mri t-1 relaxation time did not change. in summary, our data suggest that mri t-1 relaxation time is neither a sensitive measure of disease onset nor progression at early stages in the 5xfad mouse transgenic mouse model.
alzheimer's_disease	brain imaging plays an important role in the study of alzheimer 's disease (ad), where atrophy has been found to occur in the hippocampal formation during the very early disease stages and to progress in parallel with the disease 's evolution. the aim of the present study was to evaluate a possible correlation between ""small world"" characteristics of the brain connectivity architecture-as extracted from eeg recordings-and hippocampal volume in ad patients. a dataset of 144 subjects, including 110 ad (mmse 21.3) and 34 healthy nold (mmse 29.8) individuals, was evaluated. weighted and undirected networks were built by the eloreta solutions of the cortical sources' activities moving from eeg recordings. the evaluation of the hippocampal volume was carried out on a subgroup of 60 ad patients who received a high-resolution t1-weighted sequence and underwent processing for surface-based cortex reconstruction and volumetric segmentation using the freesurfer image analysis software. results showed that, quantitatively, more correlation was observed in the right hemisphere, but the same trend was seen in both hemispheres. alpha band connectivity was negatively correlated, while slow (delta) and fast-frequency (beta, gamma) bands positively correlated with hippocampal volume. namely, the larger the hippocampal volume, the lower the alpha and the higher the delta, beta, and gamma small world characteristics of connectivity. accordingly, the small world connectivity pattern could represent a functional counterpart of structural hippocampal atrophying and related-network disconnection.
parkinson's_disease	the death of dopaminergic neurons is a major pathological hallmark of parkinson 's disease (pd). elevated iron within the substantia nigra of the pd brain is thought to catalyze this neuronal death through hydroxyl radical-derived oxidative damage. removing this excess iron presents a potential therapeutic strategy for pd. seventeen derivatives of the non-toxic iron chelator desferrioxamine b (dfob) were prepared by the conjugation of adamantyl- (1-4,8-12), deconstructed adamantyl units (5-7), norborna(e)ne- (13-16) or bicyclo[2.2.2]octane-based (17) ancillary fragments to the terminal amine group. the range of experimental logp values of 1-17 (logp = 0.15-2.82) was greater than water soluble dfob (logp -2.29), with the increased hydrophobicity designed to improve cell membrane carriage to facilitate intracellular iron sequestration. the first activity screen showed compounds with methyl-substituted adamantyl (1-3), noradamantyl (5), or 1-pentylbicyclo[2.2.21octane (17) ancillary groups significantly rescued iron-mediated oxidative stress in confluent pd-relevant sk-n-be2-m17 neuroblastoma cells (m17 cells) exposed to 1,1'-dimethy1-4,4'-bipyridinium (paraquat, pq) or h2o2. the second dose-dependence screen ranked 1-3 and 17 as the top candidates (ec50 similar to 10 mu m) in the rescue of pq-treated m17 cells. the ancillary fragments of 1-3 and 17 clustered in a region defined by a close-to-zero dipole moment, logp values of 2-2.8 and a surface area:volume ratio of 0.60-0.61. results of iron leaching studies indicate that the compounds may be operating via mechanisms beyond solely removing intracellular iron. the dfob conjugates with methyl-substituted adamantyl ancillary groups (1-3) were the top and most consistent performers in this class of compound designed for pd. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
parkinson's_disease	in parkinson 's disease, the enhanced beta rhythm is closely associated with akinesia/bradykinesia and rigidity. an increase in beta oscillations (12-35 hz) within the basal ganglia (bg) nuclei does not proliferate throughout the cortico-basal ganglia loop in uniform fashion; rather it can be subdivided into two distinct frequency bands, i.e. the lower beta (12-20 hz) and upper beta (21-35 hz). a computational model of the excitatory and inhibitory neural network that focuses on the population properties is proposed to explore the mechanism underlying the pathological beta oscillations. simulation results show several findings. the upper beta frequency in the bg originates from a high frequency cortical beta, while the emergence of exaggerated lower beta frequency in the bg depends greatly on the enhanced excitation of a reciprocal network consisting of the globus pallidus externus (gpe) and the subthalamic nucleus (stn). there is also a transition mechanism between the upper and lower beta oscillatory activities, and we explore the impact of self-inhibition within the gpe on the relationship between the upper beta and lower beta oscillations. it is shown that increased self-inhibition within the gpe contributes to increased upper beta oscillations driven by the cortical rhythm, while decrease in the self-inhibition within the gpe facilitates an enhancement of the lower beta oscillations induced by the increased excitability of the bg. this work provides an analysis for understanding the mechanism underlying pathological synchronization in neurological diseases. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
parkinson's_disease	the advantages of nasal high-flow oxygen therapy (nhf) include not only allowing talking, but also eating and drinking, during the therapy. however, the effect of nhf on the swallowing reflex remains unclear. in the present study, we aimed to assess the effects of nhf on the swallowing reflex. nine healthy adult japanese male volunteers with no history of dysphagia or diseases that may cause dysphagia, such as stroke or parkinson 's disease, were evaluated. participants received one of four levels of nhf intervention (0 (control), 15, 30 and 45 l/min of oxygen) with the nhf system through the nasal cannula. swallowing was induced by the administration of a bolus injection of 5 ml of distilled water over 3 s through a polyethylene catheter at each level of oxygen flow. the primary end-point was the latency period of the swallowing reflex after bolus injection, which was defined as the time from the start of the bolus injection to the onset of the electromyogram (emg) burst of the first swallow. mean latency times of the swallowing reflex with 15 (9.8 +/- 2.9 s), 30 (9.0 +/- 2.7 s) and 45 (8.5 +/- 3.0 s) l/min of nhf were significantly shorter than those under control conditions (11.9 +/- 3.7 s; p < 0.05). our study demonstrates that nhf may enhance swallowing function with increasing levels of nhf by reducing the latency of the reflex. nhf may allow continuation of oral intake without aspiration during oxygen therapy.
parkinson's_disease	background. specialized parkinson 's disease (pd) care offers advantages to patients. however, specialized health care providers may be unaware of patients' personal context and comorbidity, leading to conflicting treatment regimens. patients may benefit from a more holistic approach. objective. to clarify the role community-dwelling pd patients see for general practitioners (gps) in pd care and to clarify the role gps see for themselves. methods. qualitative interview study with 16 community-dwelling pd patients and 12 gps in the netherlands, using a constant comparative approach to analysis. results. patients expressed a preference for self-management and autonomy in decisionmaking. gps chose a limited, reactive position in early-stage pd care to stimulate patient autonomy. moreover, gps felt insufficiently competent to extend their role. patients also felt gps lack expert knowledge and skills; they focus on their neurologist for pd care. in addition, gps observed patients might not realize what accessory role the gp could have, a role gps described as essential in being aware of patient 's well-being. patients did not describe additional roles for the gp in more advanced disease, whereas gps mentioned a shift towards a more proactive and extended role. conclusion. patients and gps see a limited role for the gp in early-stage pd care because of patient autonomy and gp 's lack of specific knowledge and skills. however, gps should feel more confident of the added value of their generalist approach to care for patients with a complex chronic disorder as pd. if generalist and specialized care reinforce each other, pd patients benefit.
parkinson's_disease	in 1967, l-dopa was introduced as part of the pharmacological therapy of parkinson 's disease (pd) and, in spite of extensive research, no additional effective drugs have been discovered to treat pd. this brings forward the question: why haver no new drugs been developed? we consider that one of the problems preventing the discovery of new drugs is that we still have no information on the pathophysiology of the neurodegeneration of the neuromelanin-containing nigrostriatal dopaminergic neurons. currently, it is, widely accepted that the degeneration of dopaminergic neurons, i.e., in the substantia nigra pars compacta, involves mitochondria! dysfunction, the formation of neurotoxic oligomers of alphasynuclein, the dysfunction of protein degradation systems, neuroinflammation, and oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress. however, the initial trigger of these mechanisms in the nigrostriatal system is still unknown. it has been reported that aminochrome induces the majority of these mechanisms involved in the neurodegeneration process. aminochrome is formed within the cytoplasm of neuromelanin-containing dopaminergic neurons during the oxidation of dopamine to to neuromelanin is a normal and harmless process, because healthy individuals have intact neuromelanin-containing dopaminergic neurons. interestingly, aminochrome-induced neurotoxicity is prevented by two enzymes: dt-diaphorase and glutathione transferase m2-2, which explains why melanin-containing dopaminergic neurons are intact in healthy human brains.
sprains_and_strains	objectives: (1) to characterize the demographics and external causes of pediatric sports injury-related visits (sirvs) to emergency departments (eds). (2) to analyze the effect of race/ethnicity and insurance on sirvs to eds. methods: a stratified random-sample cross-sectional survey of eds in the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey was conducted from 1997-2001; for patients younger than 19 years, we used all visits [n = 33,654; injury-related visits (irvs) = 13,496, sirvs = 29901. we examined both the external cause codes and the actual verbatim text of all irvs. national estimates of pediatric irvs were obtained using the assigned patient visit weights in the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey databases and sudaan 9.1 software (sas institute, inc., cary, nc). results: sports injuries resulted in 2.5 million visits annually, or 23% of ed irvs. male sex, older age (6-18 years), and white race/ethnicity are associated with higher rates of sirvs. cycling, basketball, playground injuries, and football resulted in the largest numbers of ed sirvs. leading diagnoses for sirvs included fractures and dislocations, sprains and strains, open wounds, and contusions. hispanic race/ethnicity was associated with lower rates of sirvs across all insurance types. after controlling for demographic factors and insurance, hispanic children were less likely to have an sirv than white children (odds ratio, 0.7; 95% confidence interval, 0.6-0.9). conclusions: sports and recreation are the leading causes of pediatric ed irvs. hispanic children, regardless of insurance status, had lower rates of sirvs than white children, which helps explain the lower rate of nonfatal irvs to eds among hispanic youth.
sprains_and_strains	traumatic ankle injury is a frequent clinical presentation. ankle taping is commonly used in the prophylaxis of sprains and as an adjunct during rehabilitation of ankle injury. the mechanisms behind taping remain unclear however, one possible mechanism is improved proprioception and peroneal reflex responses. this study investigated the peroneal reflex response to rapid inversion (using a trapdoor) with different taping protocols. the dominant leg of 31 healthy subjects was tested in three conditions: no taping; simple prophylactic taping; and circumferential leg taping. a repeated measures anova revealed no statistically significant effect across conditions or trials. the results suggest that neurophysiological responses to sudden inversion are not altered by mechanical or sensory input from taping in normal subjects.
sprains_and_strains	problem: national occupational injury prevention goals often prioritize the reduction of serious injuries. this study analyzed whether this prioritization is credible in respect to lost-time injuries and short and long term work absence, and the implications this has for injury severity-based versus injury absence-based prevention approaches. method: the data consisted of national and work-site specific injury and absence data from construction workers in denmark, including workers from the copenhagen metro construction sites, during the period 2000-2001. results and impact on industry and government: absence length was significantly dependent on the type of injury. sprains and strains were most prevalent and accounted for approximately one third of injuries and absence. fractures accounted for one sixth of injuries and the greatest proportion of long-term absence. the results give credibility to the need for targeting sprains and strains in injury and absence prevention initiatives. (c) 2007 national safety council and elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
sprains_and_strains	objective: this study was undertaken to determine the occurrence rates, outcomes, risk factors, and timing of obstetric delivery for trauma sustained during pregnancy. study design: this is a retrospective cohort study of women for trauma in california (1991-1999). international classification of disease, ninth revision, clinical modification codes, and external causation codes for injury were identified. maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes were analyzed for women delivering at the trauma hospitalization (group 1), and women sustaining trauma prenatally (group 2), compared with nontrauma controls. injury severity scores and injury types were used to stratify risk in relation to outcome. statistical comparisons are expressed as odds ratios (ors) with 95% cis. results: a total of 10,316 deliveries fulfilling study criteria were identified in 4,833,286 total deliveries. fractures, dislocations, sprains, and strains were the most common type of injury. group 1 was associated with the worst outcomes: maternal death or 69 (95% ci 42-115), fetal death or 4.7 (95% ci 3.4-6.4), uterine rupture or 43 (95% ci 19-97), and placental abruption or 9.2 (95% ci 7.8-11). group 2 also resulted in increased risks at delivery: placental abruption or 1.6 (95% ci 1.3-1.9), preterm labor or 2.7 (95% ci 2.5-2.9), maternal death or 4.4 (95% ci 1.4-14). as injury severity scores increased, outcomes worsened, yet were statistically nonpredictive. the type of injury most commonly leading to maternal death was internal injury. the risk of fetal, neonatal, and infant death was strongly influenced by gestational age at the time of delivery. conclusion: women delivering at the trauma hospitalization (group 1) had the worst outcomes, regardless of the severity of the injury. group 2 women (prenatal injury) had an increased risk of adverse outcomes at delivery, and therefore should be monitored closely during the subsequent course of the pregnancy. this study highlights the need to optimize education in trauma prevention during pregnancy. (c) 2004 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
sprains_and_strains	background: the prevalence of drug-resistant tuberculosis (tb) in xinjiang is higher than in other regions of china, and beijing/w lineage mycobacterium tuberculosis (mtb) is the dominant strain of mtb in xinjiang. however, information on multidrug-resistant (mdr) and extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tb, particularly the correlation between mdr and the beijing/w lineage and the correlation between drug resistance and the beijing/w sublineage strains, is limited. material/methods: we conducted a prospective study to describe the prevalence of mdr/xdr tb, beijing/w lineage and sublineage strains in xinjiang in china from 2009 to 2013. all mtb underwent drug susceptibility testing to the first-and second-line anti-tuberculosis drugs. the beijing/w lineages and sublineages were detected by large-sequence polymorphisms with polymerase chain reaction. results: a total of 410 clinical isolates were identified. the overall percentage of mdr and xdr cases in xinjiang was 13.2% (54/410) and 13.0% (7/54), respectively. overall, 9.8% (14/143) of the beijing lineage mtb were mdr patients, and 15.6% (40/257) of the non-beijing lineage mtb were mdr patients. in the 143 beijing mtb lineages, 11.2% isolates were in sublineage 105, 15.4% isolates were in sublineage 207, 69.2% isolates were in sublineage 181, and 4.2% isolates were in sublineage 150. none of the isolates were detected in sublineage 142. significant differences between the beijing/w and non-beijing/w strains were observed regarding inh and emb resistance, respectively. conclusions: the prevalence of the mdr tb in xinjiang remains high and imposes challenges for tb control. four beijing/w sublineage isolates were observed in xinjiang. there was no correlation between mdr and the beijing/w lineage and no correlation between drug resistance and the beijing/w sublineage strains. surveillance of the clinical isolates of mtb is recommended to strengthen the identification of mdr/xdr tb and sublineages of the beijing/w strains.
cancer	background: signal transduction inhibitors (stis) have considerably improved treatment of advanced/metastasized renal cell carcinoma (mrcc). most safety data for these drugs are derived from clinical trials. the purpose of this study was to evaluate which adverse drug reactions are documented during first-line treatments in routine clinical practice. patients and methods: the ongoing prospective german mrcc clinical registry is recruiting patients in 110 oncology and urology outpatient centers. data from the first 250 patients who had completed first-line treatment were analyzed regarding adverse drug reactions (adrs) documented in patients' medical records. results: patients were older than in clinical trials and had comorbidities. patients were treated with the stis sunitinib (61%), temsirolimus (14%), sorafenib (10%), or bevacizumab combined with interferon (6%). about 520 adrs were documented, of which 29% resulted in treatment modifications. the most frequently affected organ system was the gastrointestinal system. the most frequently documented adrs were mucositis/stomatitis (14%), fatigue (14%), diarrhea (12%), and nausea (12%). conclusions: in routine practice, mrcc first-line treatments using stis frequently lead to adrs partly necessitating treatment modifications. the pattern of reported adrs is similar to that reported in clinical trials, but frequencies of events differ, especially for symptoms of multifactorial origin that are not immediately associated with the treatment. these results indicate that perception and documentation of adverse reactions is different between clinical trials and routine practice, and that reviews of patients' medical records might not be the best method to assess safety in routine practice.
cancer	purpose the aim of this study was to assess the value of dual-time point imaging in pet/ct for detection of biochemically recurrent or persistent prostate cancer, using the prostate-specific membrane antigen (psma) ligand [ga-68]psma i&t. methods 240 patients who underwent a [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct in the context of biochemical relapse of prostate cancer were included in this retrospective analysis. imaging consisted of a standard whole-body pet/ct (1 h p.i.), followed by delayed (3 h p.i.) imaging of the abdomen. psa-stratified proportions of positive pet/ct results, standardized uptake values and target-to-background ratios were analyzed, and compared between standard and delayed imaging. results the overall detection rates of [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct were 94.2, 71.8, 58.6, 55.9 and 38.9% for psa levels of >= 2, 1 to < 2, 0.5 to0.2 to < 0.5, and 0.01 to 0.2 ng/ml, respectively. although the target-to-background ratio improved significantly over time (p < 0.0001), the majority (96.6%) of all lesions suggestive of recurrent disease could already be detected in standard imaging. delayed imaging at 3 h p.i. exclusively identified pathologic findings in 5.4% (10/184) of abnormal [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct scans, and exclusively detected 3.4% (38/1134) of all lesions suggestive of recurrent disease. [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct shows high detection rates in patients with prostate-specific antigen persistence or biochemical recurrence of prostate cancer. delayed imaging can detect lesions with improved contrast compared to standard imaging. however, the impact on detection rates was limited in this study.
cancer	optical imaging methods have significant potential as effective intraoperative tools to visualize tissues, cells, and biochemical events aimed at objective assessment of the tumor margin and guiding the surgeon to adequately resect the tumor while sparing critical tissues. the wide variety of approaches to guide resection, the range of parameters that they detect, and the interdisciplinary nature involving biology, chemistry, engineering, and medicine suggested that there was a need for an organization that could review, discuss, refine, and help prioritize methods to optimize patient care and pharmaceutical and instrument development. to address these issues, the world molecular imaging society created the optical surgical navigation (osn) interest group to bring together scientists, engineers, and surgeons to develop the field to benefit patients. here, we provide an overview of approaches currently under clinical investigation for optical surgical navigation and offer our perspective on upcoming strategies.
cancer	while elevated blood cholesterol has been associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer (crc) in observational studies, causality is uncertain. here we apply a mendelian randomisation (mr) analysis to examine the potential causal relationship between lipid traits and crc risk. we used single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) associated with blood levels of total cholesterol (tc), triglyceride (tg), low-density lipoprotein (ldl), and high-density lipoprotein (hdl) as instrumental variables (iv). we calculated mr estimates for each risk factor with crc using snp-crc associations from 9,254 cases and 18,386 controls. genetically predicted higher tc was associated with an elevated risk of crc (odds ratios (or) per unit sd increase=1.46, 95% confidence interval [ci]: 1.20-1.79, p = 1.68 x 10(-4)). the pooled ors for ldl, hdl, and tg were 1.05 (95% ci: 0.92-1.18, p = 0.49), 0.94 (95% ci: 0.84-1.05, p = 0.27), and 0.98 (95% ci: 0.85-1.12, p = 0.75) respectively. a genetic risk score for 3-hydoxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme a reductase (hmgcr) to mimic the effects of statin therapy was associated with a reduced crc risk (or=0.69, 95% ci: 0.49-0.99, p = 0.046). this study supports a causal relationship between higher levels of tc with crc risk, and a further rationale for implementing public health strategies to reduce the prevalence of hyperlipidaemia. what 's new? while observational studies have suggested an association between blood cholesterol levels and colorectal cancer (crc), they do not establish causality and may be influenced by confounding factors. here the authors used mendelian randomization, the relationship between genetic risk scores for lipid traits and crc, to provide new evidence for a causal link between both. their results point to hyperlipidaemia as an important target for crc prevention in the population.
cancer	objective: to determine the effect of biological mesh closure on perineal wound healing after extralevator abdominoperineal resection (eapr). background: perineal wound complications frequently occur after eapr with preoperative radiotherapy for rectal cancer. cohort studies have suggested that biological mesh closure of the pelvic floor improves perineal wound healing. methods: patients were randomly assigned to primary closure (standard arm) or biological mesh closure (intervention arm). a non-cross-linked porcine acellular dermal mesh was sutured to the pelvic floor remnants in the intervention arm, followed by a layered closure of the ischioanal and subcutaneous fat and skin similar to the control intervention. the outcome of the randomization was concealed from the patient and perineal wound assessor. the primary endpoint was the rate of uncomplicated perineal wound healing defined as a southampton wound score of less than 2 at 30 days postoperatively. patients were followed for 1 year. results: in total, 104 patients were randomly assigned to primary closure (n = 54; 1 dropouts) and biological mesh closure (n = 50; 2 dropouts). uncomplicated perineal wound healing rate at 30 days was 66% (33/50; 3 not evaluable) after primary closure, which did not significantly differ from 63% (30/48) after biological mesh closure [relative risk 1.056; 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.7854-1.4197; p = 0.7177). freedom from perineal hernia at 1 year was 73% (95% ci 60.93-85.07) versus 87% (95% ci 77.49-96.51), respectively (p = 0.0316). conclusions: perineal wound healing after eapr with preoperative radiotherapy for rectal cancer was not improved when using a biological mesh. a significantly lower 1-year perineal hernia rate after biological mesh closure is a promising secondary finding that needs longer follow-up to determine its clinical relevance.
sports_injuries	background: the middle genicular artery (mga) is responsible for the blood supply to the cruciate ligaments and synovial tissue. traumatic sports injuries and surgical procedures (open and arthroscopic) can cause vascular damage. little attention has been devoted to establish safe parameters for the mga. purpose: to investigate the anatomy of the mga and its relation to the posterior structures of the knees, mainly the posterior capsule and femoral condyles, and to establish safe parameters to avoid harming the mga. study design: descriptive laboratory study. methods: dissection of the mga was performed in 16 fresh, unpaired adult human cadaveric knees with no macroscopic degenerative or traumatic changes and no previous surgeries. the specimens were meticulously evaluated with emphasis on preservation of the mga. the distances from the mga to the medial and lateral femoral condyles were measured. the mann-whitney test was used for statistical analysis. results: in all specimens, the mga emerged from the anterior aspect of the popliteal artery, distal to the superior genicular arteries, and had a short distal trajectory toward the posterior capsule where it entered proximal to the oblique popliteal ligament. the artery lay in the midportion between the condyles. the distance between the posterior aspect of the tibia and the point of entry of the mga into the posterior joint capsule was 23.8 +/- 7.3 mm (range, 14.72-35.68 mm). there was no correlation between an individual 's height and the distance of the entrance point of the mga into the posterior joint capsule to the posterior superior corner of the tibia. conclusion: the middle genicular artery lies in the midportion between the medial and lateral femoral condyles. clinical relevance: this knowledge is important for the preservation of the blood supply during posterior knee surgical procedures and to settle a secure distance between the posterior aspect of the tibia and the mga input. this could decrease and prevent iatrogenic vascular injury risk to the mga.
sports_injuries	introduction: patellar dislocation is an emergency. vertical patellar dislocation is rare, often seen in adolescents and mostly due to sports injuries or high-velocity trauma. few cases have been reported in the literature. closed or open reduction under general anesthesia is often needed. we report a case of vertical locked patellar dislocation in a 26-year-old male, which was reduced by a simple closed method under spinal anaesthesia. a literature review regarding the various methods of treatment is also discussed. case presentation: a 26-year-old male experienced a trivial accident while descending stairs, sustaining patellar dislocation. the closed method of reduction was attempted, using a simple technique. reduction was confirmed and postoperative rehabilitation was started. follow-up was uneventful. conclusions: vertical patellar dislocations are encountered rarely in the emergency department. adolescents are not the only victims, and high-velocity trauma is not the essential cause. unnecessary manipulation should be avoided. the closed reduction method is simple, but the surgeon should be prepared for open reduction.
sports_injuries	objective there is currently no consensus on the safety of sports participation for patients with an intracranial arachnoid cyst (ac). the authors' goal was to define the risk of sports participation for children with this imaging finding. methods a survey was prospectively administered to 185 patients with acs during a 46-month period at a single institution. cyst size and location, treatment, sports participation, and any injuries were recorded. eighty patients completed at least 1 subsequent survey following their initial entry into the registry, and these patients were included in a prospective registry with a mean prospective follow-up interval of 15.9 +/- 8.8 months. results a total 112 patients with acs participated in 261 sports for a cumulative duration of 4410 months or 1470 seasons. of these, 94 patients participated in 190 contact sports for a cumulative duration of 2818 months or 939 seasons. there were no serious or catastrophic neurological injuries. two patients presented with symptomatic subdural hygromas following minor sports injuries. in the prospective cohort, there were no neurological injuries conclusions permanent or catastrophic neurological injuries are very unusual in ac patients who participate in athletic activities. in most cases, sports participation by these patients is safe.
sports_injuries	eye injuries sustained during sport comprise up to 20 per cent of all injuries to the eye serious enough for medical attention to be sought. the prevalence of eye injuries in sport is not easily assessed due to lack of authoritative participation rates, so most studies report total numbers in a time period. the evidence on the proportion of all ocular injuries that are from sport is reviewed. the relative frequencies in different sports are compared in a qualitative manner and the sports with greater numbers of ocular injuries are detailed. in common with occupational injuries to the eye, most sports eye injuries are considered preventable. the hierarchy of action for occupational risk is detailed and adapted to use in a sports scenario. all the available international, regional and national standards on sports eye protection are detailed and their provisions compared. the major function of the standards is to provide adequate protection against the hazard of the sport concerned. these are detailed and compared as a function of energy transfer. eye protection must not introduce additional or secondary hazards (for instance, fracturing into sharp fragments on impact) and not introduce features that would deter the wearing of eye protection (for instance, restricting field of view to impede playing the sport). the provisions of the standards intended to limit secondary hazards are detailed and compared. the need for future work in standards writing and the activities of the international standardization organization in sports eye protection are detailed.
sports_injuries	objective: the repair of cartilaginous lesions within synovial joints is still an unresolved and weighty clinical problem. although research activity in this area has been indefatigably sustained, no significant progress has been made during the past decade. the aim of this educational review is to heighten the awareness amongst students and scientists of the basic issues that must be tackled and resolved before we can hope to escape from the whirlpool of stagnation into which we have fallen: cartilage repair redivivus! design: articular-cartilage lesions may be induced traumatically (e. g., by sports injuries and occupational accidents) or pathologically during the course of a degenerative disease (e. g., osteoarthritis). this review addresses the biological basis of cartilage repair and surveys current trends in treatment strategies, focussing on those that are most widely adopted by orthopaedic surgeons [viz., abrasive chondroplasty, microfracturing/microdrilling, osteochondral grafting and autologous-chondrocyte implantation (aci)]. also described are current research activities in the field of cartilage-tissue engineering, which, as a therapeutic principle, holds more promise for success than any other experimental approach. results and conclusions: tissue engineering aims to reconstitute a tissue both structurally and functionally. this process can be conducted entirely in vitro, initially in vitro and then in vivo (in situ), or entirely in vivo. three key constituents usually form the building blocks of such an approach: a matrix scaffold, cells, and signalling molecules. of the proposed approaches, none have yet advanced beyond the phase of experimental development to the level of clinical induction. the hurdles that need to be surmounted for ultimate success are discussed. (c) 2014 published by elsevier ltd on behalf of osteoarthritis research society international.
senior_health	the wilmington senior center developed a 3-year multidisciplinary health and wellness initiative entitled the time of your life to promote healthy aging for participants attending countywide senior centers. the purpose of this paper is to describe the development and implementation of the evaluation methodology and outcomes of this senior health and wellness project that consisted of 11 programs in total. long-term programming can present several challenges in both implementation and evaluation, but assessing outcomes is critical to documenting program value and accountability. participant-completed surveys and post-series focus groups were utilized as the evaluation tools. our findings indicate that the program 's objectives of increasing knowledge and motivating adoption or maintenance of a healthy lifestyle were met to varying degrees, while a third objective of assessing the usefulness of resources to inform health-related decisions was unable to be evaluated due to the cross-sectional nature of the data collection. post-series focus groups indicated that topics of most interest to seniors were money management, medications and staying mentally and physically fit. the evaluations showed that long-term programming, while challenging, can be a successful and sustainable format for senior health education.
senior_health	objective: to assess the effect of introducing consensus guidelines on avoidable blood transfusions in mwanza region, tanzania. methods: avoidable blood transfusions were determined among 842 blood transfusion recipients in eight hospitals in 1991. in a workshop with senior health workers from the region, consensus guidelines for the prescription of blood transfusions were developed and introduced in the hospitals and after 7 months intervention data were collected on 1042 blood transfusion recipients. the 1991 and 1992 data were compared to estimate the change in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions. results: in blood transfusion recipients aged <5 years there was a significant reduction in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions from 257 (52%) out of 498 to 197 (33%) out of 595 (p<0.001), especially at the peripheral hospitals. for children the proportion decreased from 25 to 17% (p<0.05) and for operated patients the percentage remained at 24%. in pregnant women there was a significant increase in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions from 10 to 27% and in adults from 37 (25%) out of 146 to 121 (50%) out of 242. the improvement in peripheral hospitals was offset by a similar deterioration in the referral hospital, thus no overall reduction was achieved in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions. conclusion: the development and introduction of consensus guidelines was not sufficient to change prescribing practice. the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions decreased only in hospitals where compliance was maintained through regular clinic meetings and strict supervision by senior medical staff.
senior_health	this paper presents a new senior health monitoring system using the kinect device to monitor elderly people and detect when they are likely to fall by measuring their gait, and analyzing change in posture when they change from sitting to standing or vice versa. support vector machine is used to analyze the gait and posture data obtained from the kinect device. several experiments were performed to evaluate the proposed system and experimental results as well as research experience on using the kinect device will be presented.
senior_health	background and objectives: dental caries is an important healthcare challenge in adults over 65 years of age. integration of oral health screening into non-dental primary care practice may improve access to preventive dental care for vulnerable populations such as the elderly. such integration would require easy, fast, and accurate early caries detection tools. primary goal of this study was to evaluate the diagnostic performance of optical coherence tomography (oct) imaging for detecting very early caries in the elderly living in community-based settings. the international caries detection and assessment system (icdas) served as gold standard. secondary goal of this study was to provide baseline prevalence data of very early caries lesions in independent living adults aged 65+ years. materials and methods: seventy-two subjects were recruited from three sites in southern california: a retirement community, a senior health fair, and a convalescent hospital. clinical examination was performed using the icdas visual criteria and this was followed by oct imaging. the two-dimensional oct images (b-scan) were analyzed with simple software. locations with a log of back-scattered light intensity (bsli) below 2.9 were scored as sound, and areas equaling or exceeding 2.9 bsli were considered carious. diagnostic performance of oct imaging was compared with icdas score. results: oct-based diagnosis demonstrated very good sensitivity (95.1%) and good specificity (85.8%). 54.7% of dentate subjects had at least one tooth with very early coronal caries. conclusions: early coronal decay is prevalent in the unrestored pits and fissures of coronal surfaces of teeth in independent living adults aged 65+ years. though oct imaging coupled with a simple diagnostic algorithm can accurately detect areas of very early caries in community-based settings, existing devices are expensive and not well-suited for use by non-dental health care providers. simple, inexpensive, fast, and accurate tools for early caries detection by field health care providers working in non-traditional settings are urgently needed to support inter-professional dental health management. (c) 2015 wiley periodicals, inc.
senior_health	purpose: to assess changes in various functional and satisfaction measures between older persons enrolled in minnesota senior health options (msho), a managed care program for older persons eligible for both medicare and medicaid. design and methods: we used two sets of matched controls for msho enrollees and their families and matched controls living in the community and in nursing homes: persons in the same county who were eligible to enroll but did not enroll in msho and persons in other metropolitan areas where msho is not available. for the community sample; we used questionnaires to measure functional status (activities of daily living), pain, unmet care needs, satisfaction, and caregiver burden. approximately 2 years after the first survey, we re-surveyed respondents who lived in the community at the time of the first survey. for the nursing home residents, we used annual assessments to calculate case mix to compare changes in functional levels over time. results: there were few significant differences in change over time between the msho sample and the two control groups. out-of-area controls showed greater increases in pain but in-area controls showed less interference from pain. compared with out-of-area controls, msho clients showed greater increase in homemaker use, meals on wheels, and outpatient rehabilitation. compared with in-area controls, they showed more use of meals on wheels and less help from family with household tasks. there were few differences in satisfaction, but the msho families showed significantly lower,burden than controls on five items. implications: the analyses show only modest evidence of benefit from msho compared with the two control groups. the model represented by msho does not appear to generate substantial differences in-outcomes across function, satisfaction, and caregiver burden.
multiple_sclerosis	guillain-barre syndrome (gbs) is an acute inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculopathy resulting in severe impairments of many body structures and functions with consequent limitations of activities and participation. the aim of our study was to evaluate rehabilitation outcome in these patients. forty-five (20 women, 25 men) with gbs patients who had completed primary comprehensive rehabilitation were included in the study. medical research council scale for muscle strength was used for assessment of lower-limb function. patients' activities were assessed using the functional independence measure and two walking tests (6 min and 10 m). the patients were also described using an adapted international classification of functioning, disability and health checklist. assessment was performed at admission and at discharge. clinically important and statistically significant improvements were found in all outcome measures. strong and significant correlations were found between the outcome measures. international classification of functioning, disability and health coding also clearly reflected the progress. improvement in patients' activities increased statistically significantly with time for up to 3 months of rehabilitation. the outcome was not related to the time interval from establishing the diagnosis to the start of rehabilitation. hence, multidisciplinary care for gbs patients is effective, because clinically important and statistically significant improvements regarding body functions and activities are achieved during relatively short inpatient rehabilitation. copyright (c) 2017 wolters kluwer health, inc. all rights reserved.
multiple_sclerosis	purposemagnetic susceptibility is a physical property of matter that varies depending on chemical composition and abundance of different molecular species. interest is growing in mapping of magnetic susceptibility in the human brain using magnetic resonance imaging techniques, but the influences affecting the mapped values are not fully understood. methodswe performed quantitative susceptibility mapping on 7 tesla (t) multiple echo time gradient recalled echo data and evaluated the trend in 10 regions of the human brain. temporal plots of susceptibility were performed in the caudate, pallidum, putamen, thalamus, insula, red nucleus, substantia nigra, internal capsule, corpus callosum, and fornix. we implemented an existing three compartment signal model and used optimization to fit the experimental result to assess the influences that could be responsible for our findings. resultsthe temporal trend in susceptibility is different for different brain regions, and subsegmentation of specific regions suggests that differences are likely to be attributable to variations in tissue structure and composition. using a signal model, we verified that a nonlinear temporal behavior in experimentally computed susceptibility within imaging voxels may be the result of the heterogeneous composition of tissue properties. conclusionsdecomposition of voxel constituents into meaningful parameters may lead to informative measures that reflect changes in tissue microstructure. magn reson med 77:1946-1958, 2017. (c) 2016 international society for magnetic resonance in medicine
multiple_sclerosis	background: immunotherapy initiated early after first presentation of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis is associated with improved long-term outcomes. one can therefore speculate that early initiation of highly effective immunotherapies, with an average efficacy that is superior to the typical first-line therapies, could further improve relapse and disability outcomes. however, the most common treatment strategy is to commence firstline therapies, followed by treatment escalation in patients who continue to experience on-treatment disease activity. while this monitoring approach is logical, the current lack of effective regenerative or remyelinating therapies behoves us to consider high-efficacy treatment strategies from disease onset (including induction therapy) in order to prevent irreversible disability. objective: in this systematic review, we evaluate the effect of high-efficacy immunotherapies at different stages of ms. methods: a systematic review of literature reporting outcomes of treatment with fingolimod, natalizumab or alemtuzumab at different stages of ms was carried out. results and conclusions: twelve publications reporting relevant information were included in the systematic review. the literature suggests that treatment with high-efficacy immunotherapies is more potent in suppressing relapse activity when initiated early vs. with a delay after the ms diagnosis. the evidence reported for disability and mri outcomes is inconclusive. (c) 2017 the author(s). published by elsevier b.v. this is an open access article under the cc by-nc-nd license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
multiple_sclerosis	aimsunderstanding the causes of axonal pathology remains a key goal in the pursuit of new therapies to target disease progression in multiple sclerosis (ms). anterograde axonal transport of many proteins vital for axonal viability is mediated by the motor protein kif5a, which has been linked to several neurological diseases. this study aimed to investigate the expression of kif5a protein and its associated cargoes: amyloid precursor protein (app) and neurofilament (nf) in post mortem ms and control white matter (wm) and to determine if kif5a expression is influenced by the presence of ms risk single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) identified in the region of the kif5a gene. methodsusing immunoblotting assays we analysed the expression of kif5a, app and nf phospho-isoforms in 23 ms cases and 12 controls. resultswe found a significant reduction in kif5a and associated cargoes in ms wm and an inverse correlation between kif5a and app/nf protein levels. furthermore, homozygous carriers of ms risk gene snps show significantly lower levels of kif5a protein compared to ms patients with no copies of the risk snps. conclusionswe conclude that reduced expression of axonal motor kif5a may have important implications in determining axonal transport deficits and ongoing neurodegeneration in ms.
multiple_sclerosis	objectives: disease-modifying treatments (dmts) constitute the largest direct medical cost for multiple sclerosis (ms). this study aims at investigating predictors of the 10-year economic burden for dmt administration and management. materials and methods: this study included 537 newly diagnosed, drug naive relapsing-remitting ms (rrms) patients, followed up for 10.1 +/- 3.3 years. costs for dmt administration and management were calculated, and referred to each year of observation (annual costs). possible predictors of disease evolution were categorized into early predictors (age, gender, disease duration, baseline expanded disability status scale (edss), 1-point edss progression within 2 years, and annualized relapse rate -arr-within 2 years), and long-term predictors (reaching of edss 4.0, conversion to secondary progressive -sp-, arr, number of dmts, follow-up duration). association between predictors and study outcome was explored using mixed-effects log-linear regression models. results: a 1-point higher edss at diagnosis was associated with 13.21% increase in the annual costs (95% ci=4.16-23.04%). each additional year of age at diagnosis was associated with a 0.74% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-1.43 to-0.04%). female gender was associated with a 12.43% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-22.61 to-0.93%). converting to sp was associated with a 14.26% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-14.26 to-2.94%). each additional year of follow-up was associated with a 3.05% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-4.51 to-1.57%). conclusions: an estimate of the 10-year costs associated with dmt administration and management can be calculated by analyzing different factors, and might be of particular interest for planning resources needed for treating people with ms.
hepatitis_c	traditional vaccination approaches (e.g. live attenuated or killed microorganisms) are among the most effective means to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. these approaches, nevertheless, have failed to yield successful vaccines against many important pathogens. to overcome this problem, methods have been developed to identify microbial components, against which protective immune responses can be elicited. subunit antigens identified by these approaches enable the production of defined vaccines, with improved safety profiles. however, they are generally poorly immunogenic, necessitating their administration with potent immunostimulatory adjuvants. since few safe and effective adjuvants are currently used in vaccines approved for human use, with those available displaying poor potency, or an inability to stimulate the types of immune responses required for vaccines against specific diseases (e.g. cytotoxic lymphocytes (ctls) to treat cancers), the development of new vaccines will be aided by the availability of characterized platforms of new adjuvants, improving our capacity to rationally select adjuvants for different applications. one such approach, involves the addition of microbial components (pathogen-associated molecular patterns; pamps), that can stimulate strong immune responses, into subunit vaccine formulations. the conjugation of pamps to subunit antigens provides a means to greatly increase vaccine potency, by targeting immunostimulation and antigen to the same antigen presenting cell. thus, methods that enable the efficient, and inexpensive production of antigen-adjuvant fusions represent an exciting mean to improve immunity towards subunit antigens. herein we review four protein-based adjuvants (flagellin, bacterial lipoproteins, the extra domain a of fibronectin (eda), and heat shock proteins (hsps)), which can be genetically fused to antigens to enable recombinant production of antigen-adjuvant fusion proteins, with a focus on their mechanisms of action, structural or sequence requirements for activity, sequence modifications to enhance their activity or simplify production, adverse effects, and examples of vaccines in preclinical or human clinical trials. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
hepatitis_c	hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection is currently the most important cause of chronic viral hepatitis in the world and one of the most frequent indications for liver transplantation. hcv uses different strategies to evade the innate and adaptive immune response, and this evasion plays a key role in determining viral persistence. several hcv viral proteins have been described as immune modulators. in this review, we will focus on the effect of hcv nucleocapsid core protein in the function of immune cells and its correlation with the findings observed in hcv chronically infected patients. effects on immune cell function related to both extracellular and intracellular hcv core localization will be considered. this review provides an updated perspective on the mechanisms involved in hcv evasion related to one single hcv protein, which could become a key tool in the development of new antiviral strategies able to control and/or eradicate hcv infection.
hepatitis_c	introduction: clinicians and practitioners caring for patients with chronic liver disease are often unsure whether drug therapy is a hazard that increases their patient 's risk for drug-induced liver injury (dili).areas covered: we searched for reports of drug induced liver injury, both idiosyncratic and intrinsic, in patients with chronic liver disease including non-alcoholic and alcoholic liver disease, and cirrhosis. reports we analyzed include statin treatment in patients with fatty liver, acetaminophen use in alcoholic fatty liver, antituberculous drugs in patients with tuberculosis and viral hepatitis, antiviral medications in hepatitis and antiretroviral medications in hiv/aids. the most challenging cases we found are drug therapy in patients with decompensated liver cirrhosis.expert opinion: we identified many case reports and case series discussing a potential increased risk of dili in patients with pre-existing liver disease. however, most of these reports were retrospective and ambiguous. with few exceptions, we conclude that drugs seem to be well tolerated by the majority of patients with pre-existing, non-cirrhotic chronic liver diseases. special care is needed for some therapies, however, including antiviral therapy in chronic hepatitis b and c and in decompensated liver cirrhosis with impaired drug metabolism. prospective studies are warranted to valid our conclusions.
hepatitis_c	background: chronic antigen exposure and/or ageing increases the frequency of t-box expressed in t cells (t-bet)-expressing b-lymphocytes in mice. the frequency and significance of b-cell t-bet expression during chronic hepatitis c (hcv) infection in human subjects has never been described. methods: healthy controls, cirrhotic and noncirrhotic hcv-infected patients, and non-hcv patients with cirrhosis were recruited. peripheral blood mononuclear cells were phenotyped for expression of t-bet and related markers by flow cytometry. in a subset of patients who underwent antiviral therapy and were cured of hcv infection (sustained virological response), the dynamics of t-bet expression in b cells was monitored. after cure, convalescent b cells were tested for t-bet expression after re-exposure to infected plasma or recombinant hcv proteins. results: forty-nine patients including 11 healthy donors, 30 hepatitis c-infected individuals (nine with liver cancer, 13 with cirrhosis, eight without cirrhosis) and eight patients with cirrhosis due to non-hcv-related cause were recruited. we found that b cells in patients with chronic hcv exhibited increased frequency of t-bet+ b cells relative to noninfected individuals (median 11.5% v. 2.2%, p<.0001) but that there were no significant differences between noncirrhotic, cirrhotic and cancer-bearing infected individuals. t-bet(+) b cells expressed higher levels of cd95, cxcr3, cd11c, cd267 and fcrl5 compared to t-bet(-) b cells and predominantly exhibit a tissue-like memory cd27(-)cd21(-) phenotype independent of hcv infection. t-bet(+) b cells in hcv-infected patients were more frequently class-switched igd(-)igg(+) (40.4% vs. 26.4%, p=.012). resolution of hcv infection with direct-acting antiviral (daa) therapy leads to a marked reduction in the frequency of t-bet(+) b cells (median 14.1% pretreatment v. 6.7% end of treatment v. 6.1% svr12, p.01). re-exposure of convalescent (cured) b cells to viremic plasma and recombinant hcv e2 protein led to re-expression of t-bet. conclusion: chronic antigenemia in chronic hcv infection induces and maintains an antigen-specific t-bet(+) b cell. these b cells share markers with tissue-like memory b cells. antigen-driven t-bet expression may be a critical suppressor of b-cell activation in chronic hcv infection.
hepatitis_c	background: determination of the hepatitis c virus (hcv) genotype and discrimination between hcv subtypes 1a and 1b is still mandatory prior to anti-hcv treatment initiation. the aim of this study was to evaluate the performance of the recently introduced cobas\(r) hcv gt assay (roche) and to compare it to two comparator assays. methods: the cobas (r) hcv gt assay is based on primerspecific real-time polymerase chain reaction (pcr). for comparison, the trugene (r) hcv 5'nc genotyping kit (siemens) and the versant (r) hcv genotype 2.0 assay (siemens) were employed. accuracy of the new assay was determined using proficiency panels. for clinical evaluation, 183 residual clinical samples obtained from patients with chronic hepatitis c infection were included. results: when accuracy was tested, panel members containing hcv subtypes 1a, 1b, and 3a were identified as expected; however, the new assay failed to identify low titer panel members containing hcv subtype 5a correctly. of 183 clinical samples, 160 gave concordant results. for seven samples, an indeterminate result was reported with the cobas (r) hcv gt assay and the remaining 16 samples were found discordant with one of the comparator assays. when time-to-results of the assays were compared, the new assay showed shorter total time and similar handson time per sample. conclusions: the cobas (r) hcv gt assay showed a good performance and proved to be suitable for use in the routine diagnostic laboratory. due to the high level of automation, fast and reliable results are obtained with short hands-on time.
weight_loss	weight loss surgery that mechanically restricts consumers' bodies to limit their food intake is booming in a context of globesity (world health organization). based on a foucauldian analysis, this study contends that self-transformative experiences arise from normalizing practices that the advocates of a repressive medical bio power overlook. this article problematizes the idea of resistance and normativity by emphasizing the existence of various forms of agency, not all of which are predicated on the term of resistance. the author proposes 'embodied transformation' as escaping docile embodiment versus embodied resistance (the negative view of subjectification as subjecting) to tell of normalizing practices that become a locus of discovery of creative potentialities within restrictive contexts. the study detects two types of agency. consumers' discourses are driven by a temporal or narrative structure vs. a spatial or connective form of becoming. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
weight_loss	the present study aimed to determine the effect of a green tea supplement on anthropometric indices and inflammatory factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos). in this randomized clinical trial, 45 women with pcos were randomly allocated into two groups receiving green tea tablets or placebo. the period of intervention was 45days. the serum levels of interleukin 6, high-sensitivity c-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor were measured before and after intervention period using the related kits. anthropometric indices also were measured. the mean of body mass index, weight, waist circumference, and body fat percentage in the green tea group were reduced significantly. however, no significant difference was observed between the two groups. also, there was no significant effect on the levels of inflammatory factors. the present results suggest that daily consumption of green tea tablets did not cause any effect on inflammation biomarkers in pcos women. however, it may be effective as a complementary treatment for weight control in these women. copyright (c) 2017 john wiley & sons, ltd.
weight_loss	laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (lagb) is the third most popular bariatric procedure worldwide. various authors present ambivalent long-term follow up results. we revised records of the patients who underwent lagb between 2003 and 2006 along with history of additional check-ins. patients with outdated details were tracked with the national health insurance database and social media (facebook). an online survey was sent. the patients who did not have their band removed were included in this study. we calculated the percent total weight loss (%twl) and percent excess weight loss (%ewl), along with changes in body mass index (delta bmi). satisfactory weight loss was set at >50% ewl (for bmi = 25 kg/m(2)). since eight patients gained weight, we decided to include negative values of %twl, %ewl, and delta bmi. one hundred seven patients underwent lagb from 2003 to 2006. the mean follow-up time was 11.2 (+/- 1.2) years. eleven percent of patients were lost to follow up (n = 12). there was one perioperative death. fifty-four of the patients (n = 57) had their band removed. thirty-seven patients still have the band (39%) and were included in the study. the mean %ewl was 27% (-56-112%) and %twl was 11% (-19-53%). twelve patients achieved %ewl >50% (32%). thiry-two patients still suffer from obesity, with bmi over 30 kg/m(2). eight patients (22%) gained additional weight. patients with %ewl >50% suffered less from gastroesophageal reflux disease symptoms than those with ewl < 50% (p < 0.05). out of 107 cases, only 11.2% of patients with gastric band (n = 12) achieved satisfactory %ewl. twenty-two percent of patients regained their weight or even exceeded it. overall results suggest that lagb is not an effective bariatric procedure in long term observation.
weight_loss	calculation of energy and protein doses for critically ill patients is still a matter of controversy. for more than 40 years of nutrition support, the total amount of nutrients to be delivered to these patients has been calculated based on expert recommendations, and this calculation is based on the administration of nonprotein calories in one attempt to ameliorate catabolic response and avoid the weight loss. new evidence suggests protein delivery is the most important intervention to improve clinical and metabolic outcomes. this article describes the metabolic rationale and the new evidence supporting a change in the approach of metabolic support of the critically ill, proposing a physiological-based intervention supported by the recognition of ancillary characteristics of the metabolic response to trauma and injury. a moderate dose of calories around 15 kcal/kg/d with a delivery of protein of 1.5 g/kg/d appears to be the new recommendation for many hypercatabolic patients in the first week following injury.
weight_loss	postharvest uv exposure has been useful to i) delay senescence and ii) induce the accumulation of bioactive compounds in some vegetable species. however, no studies have been conducted to determine the treatment conditions (radiation dose and intensity) required to maximize these two diverse responses. in this work, we evaluated the effect of uv-b irradiation intensity (control: 0, low: 3.2, medium: 4.0 and high: 5.0 w/m(2)) and dose (0, 2, 4, 8, 12 kj/m(2)) on quality retention and antioxidant capacity of fresh broccoli florets during storage (4 degrees c for 17 days). exposure to low uv-b radiation and dose (2, 4 kj/m(2)) reduced broccoli weight loss, delayed yellowing and improved chlorophyll and chlorophyllide retention. after long term storage, no marked improvement on the antioxidant capacity was found regardless of the irradiation condition. evaluations at short time after uv-b exposure (0, 2, 6, 18 h) indicated that the treatments elicited antioxidant accumulation. greatest antioxidant capacity was found in broccoli subjected to high intensity uv-b. increased levels of aliphatic glucosinolates were found 18 h after the uv-b irradiation, whereas phenolic antioxidants peaked 6 h after the treatment. results showed that low uv-b doses and intensities delayed chlorophyll degradation and may be useful to complement refrigeration in fresh broccoli. instead, high intensity uv-b exposure may be better suited as a pre-treatment to increase the antioxidant capacity prior to further processing such us freezing. (c) 2017 elsevier b. v. all rights reserved.
low_testosterone	men with congestive heart failure (chf) have relatively low testosterone levels. several studies demonstrated that testosterone treatment increases cardiac output and reduces peripheral vascular resistance. however, the effects of testosterone on heart function, cardiomyocyte apoptosis and ventricular remodeling have not been fully elucidated. this study was conducted to investigate the effects of testosterone on heart function, cardiomyocyte apoptosis and ventricular remodeling in male rats post-myocardial infarction. a total of 86 male rats were randomly assigned to undergo ligation of the coronary artery (n=70) or pseudosurgery (n=16). after 6 weeks, a left ventricular ejection fraction (lvef) of 45% was defined as a successful model of chf. the model rats were randomly assigned to 3 groups, namely low-dose testosterone (tu), high-dose tu and placebo (pl) groups. after treatment for 12 weeks, the expression of several mrna transcripts in myocardial tissue was measured by quantitative polymerase chain reaction. immunofluorescence was used to measure myocardial caspase-3 expression. compared to the pl group, lvef was significantly improved in the tu treatment groups. moreover, the mrna expression of atrial natriuretic peptide, brain natriuretic peptide, matrix metalloproteinase-2 and sarcoendoplasmic reticulum ca2+-atpase 2a was significantly reduced, while the mrna expression of glycogen synthase kinase 3 and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2 was markedly increased in the tu groups. tu treatment also significantly reduced caspase-3 expression. therefore, different doses of tu suppressed ventricular remodeling and improved left ventricular function, reduced apoptosis and prevented mortality in a chf rat model.
low_testosterone	serum testosterone is reduced in up to 90% of men with cirrhosis, with levels falling as liver disease advances. testosterone is an important anabolic hormone, with effects on muscle, bone, and hematopoiesis. many of the features of advanced liver disease are similar to those seen in hypogonadal men, including sarcopenia, osteoporosis, gynecomastia, and low libido. however, the relative contribution of testosterone deficiency to the symptomatology of advanced liver disease has not been well established. more recently, it has been demonstrated that low testosterone in men with cirrhosis is associated with increased mortality, independent of the classically recognized prognostic factors, such as the model for end-stage liver disease score. only several small clinical trials have examined the role of testosterone therapy in men with cirrhosis, none of which have resolved the issue of whether or not testosterone is beneficial. however, in men with organic hypogonadism due to structural hypothalamic-pituitary-testicular axis disease, testosterone therapy has been shown to improve muscle mass and bone mineral density, increase hemoglobin, and reduce insulin resistance. despite initial concerns linking testosterone with hepatocellular carcinoma, more recent data suggest that this risk has been overstated. there is, therefore, now a strong rationale to assess the efficacy and safety of testosterone therapy in cirrhosis in well-designed randomized controlled trials.
low_testosterone	introduction. women suffer from depression more frequently than men, which indicates that sex hormones might be involved in the etiology of this disease. aims. the purpose of this study was to assess the relationship between testosterone and depression pathophysiology in depressive women along with sexual function. we also investigated whether antidepressant treatment causes any change in levels of this hormone or in sexual function. methods. premenopausal female patients aged 25-46 years (n = 52) with diagnosed major depression were included in this study as the patient group, and 25- to 46-year-old premenopausal women without depression (n = 30) were included as the control group. main outcome measures. serum testosterone and sex hormone-binding globulin (shbg) levels were measured twice, before and after the antidepressant treatment. bioavailable testosterone (cbt) levels were calculated using the assay results for total testosterone (tt), shbg, and albumin according to the formulas of vermeulen et al. depression severity was measured using the 17-item hamilton depression rating scale, and sexual function was evaluated with the arizona sexual experience scale. results. the mean tt and cbt levels significantly increased in the patient group after the antidepressant treatment (p < 0.001). pre-treatment tt and cbt levels were significantly lower in the patient group than in the control group (p0.05). there were no significant differences among the groups in terms of shbg level. conclusion. the low testosterone levels in depressed women compared with women in the control group and the elevated levels post-pharmacotherapy suggest that testosterone may be involved in depression.
low_testosterone	background. growth hormone is the major regulator of growth and body composition. pulsatile gh secretion declines exponentially with age. testosterone replacement is being increasingly offered to older men with age-related low testosterone. testosterone administration has been shown to stimulate gh secretion. however, little is known about the effect of testosterone aromatization to estradiol on gh pulsatility and its impact on igf-1 in older men. objective. this randomized controlled proof-of-concept trial investigated the relative effects of testosterone and estradiol on gh pulsatility and igf-1 in older men with low testosterone. design. thirty-seven men, >= 65 years with total testosterone <350 ng/dl were randomized to 5 g transdermal testosterone gel (tt), 1 mg oral aromatase inhibitor (ai) or placebo daily for 12 months. primary outcome was deconvolution and approximate entropy analyses of pulsatile including basal and entropic modes of secretion performed at baseline and 3 months. secondary outcomes included igf-1 evaluated at baseline, 3 and 6 months. results. at 3 months, mean gh and in igf-1 were similar between the three groups. at 6 months, igf-1 significantly increased by delta 15.3 +/- 10.3 ng/ml in the tt-group compared to placebo (p = 0.03). both intervention groups significantly increased gh pulse frequency (tt-group, p = 0.04; ai-group, p = 0.05) compared to placebo. the gh secretory-burst mode (duration) significantly decreased in the tt-group (p = 0.0018) compared to placebo while it remained unchanged in the ai-group (p = 0.059). conclusions. in older men, testosterone increases gh pulse frequency while the aromatization to estradiol is involved in the rise of igf-1 levels. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
low_testosterone	objectives: to analyze the predictive value of psa for progression and the role of testosterone for quality of life (qol) in patients with androgen deprivation therapy (adt) for metastatic prostate cancer. materials and methods: psa and testosterone data were used from a phase iii trial randomizing patients without progression and psa < 4 ng/ml (n = 193), after 6 months induction course, between continuous (cad) (n = 96) and intermittent (iad) (a = 97) adt. the 2-year risk of progression was calculated for baseline psa, 'fast' and 'slow' psa decline to < 4 ng/ml (60 days cut-oft), psa nadir, performance status and pain. testosterone kinetics and qol were also evaluated. univariate kaplan meier survival analysis and log rank tests were used to compare the risk of progression. results: for progression analysis, 173 patients' data were available. the 2-year risk of progression for baseline psa < 50 ng/ml, 50 to= 500 ng/ml was 25%, 55%, and 76% (p = 0.03) in cad, and 38%, 64%, and 85% (p = 0.006) in iad, respectively. the 2-year risk of progression for psa nadir0.2 to 4 ng/ml in cad was 31% and 70% (p < 0.001), respectively. in the tad group, a similar trend was seen. patients with psa nadir 0.2 ng/ml, though had significantly higher 2-year risk of progression compared to cad (53% vs. 31% (p = 0.03), respectively. psa decline showed no predictive value. patients without pain had a significantly lower 2-year risk of progression in both groups. without adt testosterone remained at castrate level for 4 months. after the first and second iad cycle 92% and 46%, respectively, had a normalized testosterone. no qol difference was found, although more side effects occurred in cad. conclusions: metastatic prostate cancer patients with high baseline psa, pain, and high psa nadir have a poor prognosis with adt. patients with low psa nadir do significantly worse with tad compared with cad. low testosterone after adt and incomplete testosterone recovery may explain similar qol. therefore, tad is not a good treatment option for many metastatic prostate cancer patients. 2013 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
fungal_infection	arginine is a semi-essential amino acid that affects physiological and biochemical functions. the cpa2 gene in yeast encodes a large subunit of arginine-specific carbamoyl phosphate synthetase (cps) and is involved in arginine biosynthesis. here, an ortholog of yeast cpa2 was identified in the rice blast fungus magnaporthe oryzae, and was named mocpa2. mocpa2 is an 1180-amino acid protein which contains an atp grasp domain and two cpsase domains. targeted deletion of mocpa2 supported its role in de novo arginine biosynthesis in m. oryzae as mutant phenotypes were complemented by arginine but not ornithine. the delta mocpa2 mutant exhibited defects in asexual development and pathogenicity but not appressorium formation. further examination revealed that the invasive hyphae of the delta mocpa2 mutant were restricted mainly to the primary infected cells. in addition, the delta mocpa2 mutant was unable to induce a plant defense response and had the ability to scavenge ros during pathogen-plant interactions. structure analysis revealed that the atp grasp domain and each cps domain were indispensable for the proper localization and full function of mocpa2. in summary, our results indicate that mocpa2 plays an important role in arginine biosynthesis, and affects growth, conidiogenesis, and pathogenicity. these results suggest that research into metabolism and processes that mediate amino acid synthesis are valuable for understanding m. oryzae pathogenesis.
fungal_infection	near-infrared (nir) hyperspectral imaging system was used to detect five concentration levels of ochratoxin a (ota) in contaminated wheat kernels. the wheat kernels artificially inoculated with two different ota producing penicillium verrucosum strains, two different non-toxigenic p. verrucosum strains, and sterile control wheat kernels were subjected to nir hyperspectral imaging. the acquired three-dimensional data were reshaped into readable two-dimensional data. principal component analysis (pca) was applied to the two dimensional data to identify the key wavelengths which had greater significance in detecting ota contamination in wheat. statistical and histogram features extracted at the key wavelengths were used in the linear, quadratic and mahalanobis statistical discriminant models to differentiate between sterile control, five concentration levels of ota contamination in wheat kernels, and five infection levels of non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels. the classification models differentiated sterile control samples from ota contaminated wheat kernels and non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels with a 100% accuracy. the classification models also differentiated between five concentration levels of ota contaminated wheat kernels and between five infection levels of non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels with a correct classification of more than 98%. the non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels and ota contaminated wheat kernels subjected to hyperspectral imaging provided different spectral patterns. crown copyright (c) 2017 published by elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
fungal_infection	agarwood formation in aquilaria malaccensis could be artificially stimulated by fungal infection. furthermore, a. malaccensis adapts to this infection by developing typical included phloem boundary within xylem tissues. naturally synthesized agarwood requires a lengthy process of up to 30 years, which impedes its continuous production. therefore, recent effort has been allocated to the elucidation of agarwood formation to stimulate its process rapidly. in this study, we artificially induced agarwood formation by injection and inoculation of cultivated aquilaria malaccensis with four strains of fusarium solani isolated from different places in indonesia. the results showed that a. malaccensis responded differently upon wounding and fungal inoculations compared to healthy trees. all wounded and inoculated samples resulted in the formation of typical discoloration zone surrounding injection sites. further anatomical observation revealed that both samples also developed included phloem structures in which resinous agarwood compounds were accumulated. gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (gc-ms) analysis of the inoculated samples yielded some important agarwood compounds such as tridecanoic acid, alpha-santalol, and spathulenol, which were not present in both healthy controls and only wounded samples. notably, one of the tested f. solani, strain gorontalo displayed promising results as a candidate for artificially induced agarwood formation in a. malaccensis in terms of color, odor, and chemical constituents.
fungal_infection	here, we report a patient developing a postoperative peritoneal infection by aspergillus fumigatus. while galactomannan serum levels were negative throughout the time course, galactomannan levels in peritoneal fluids yielded high results. serological testing of peritoneal fluids for fungal antigens might be a useful and easily applicable tool to support diagnosis of intraabdominal aspergillosis, which represents a rare type of invasive fungal infection.
fungal_infection	host-associated microbiomes perform many beneficial functions including resisting pathogens and training the immune system. here, we show that amphibians developing in captivity lose substantial skin bacterial diversity, primarily due to reduced ongoing input from environmental sources. we combined studies of wild and captive amphibians with a database of over 1 000 strains that allows us to examine antifungal function of the skin microbiome. we tracked skin bacterial communities of 62 endangered boreal toads, anaxyrus boreas, across 18 time points, four probiotic treatments, and two exposures to the lethal fungal pathogen batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (bd) in captivity, and compared these to 33 samples collected from wild populations at the same life stage. as the amphibians in captivity lost the bd-inhibitory bacteria through time, the proportion of individuals exposed to bd that became infected rose from 33% to 100% in subsequent exposures. inoculations of the bd-inhibitory probiotic janthinobacterium lividum resulted in a 40% increase in survival during the second bd challenge, indicating that the effect of microbiome depletion was reversible by restoring bd-inhibitory bacteria. taken together, this study highlights the functional role of ongoing environmental inputs of skin-associated bacteria in mitigating a devastating amphibian pathogen, and that long-term captivity decreases this defensive function.
diabetes	prolonged hyperglycemia activates the formation of advanced glycation end-products (ages). major dicarbonyl compounds such as methylglyoxal or glyoxal are found to be the main precursors of ages and n(epsilon)-(carboxymethyl)lysine (cml) found to be predominantly higher in the diabetic population. we hypothesized that phloretin from apple and [6]-gingerol from ginger inhibit formation of ages and suppress the receptor for advanced glycation end products (rage) via nuclear factor erythroid-2-related-factor-2 (nrf2)-dependent pathway. phloretin and [6]-gingerol were supplemented at two different doses to c57bl/6 mice on high fat diet or standard diet for a period of 17 weeks. phloretin or [6]-gingerol supplementation significantly reduced plasma glucose, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, ages and insulin levels. phloretin and [6]-gingerol also decreased the levels of ages and cml levels, via nrf2 pathway, enhancing gsh/gssg ratio, heme oxygenase-1 and glyoxalase 1 in liver tissue. these results suggest that phloretin and [6]-gingerol are potential dietary compounds that can alleviate diabetes-induced complications. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
diabetes	latest time-series research conducted in madrid has reported associations of road traffic noise with cause specific daily mortality. based on the results from that research, this study presents the health impact of urban noise for the period 2003-2009 as the number of avoidable deaths from various cardiovascular, respiratory, and metabolic diseases. the impact of noise on cardiovascular mortality exceeds that of fine particles (pm2.5) in the two population groups considered:65 years of age. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
diabetes	background: gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) is associated with both short-and long-term adverse health consequences for both the mother and her offspring. the aim was to study the prevalence and risk factors for gdm in beijing. methods: the study population consisted of 15,194 pregnant women attending prenatal care in 15 hospitals in beijing, who delivered between june 20, 2013, and november 30, 2013, after 28 weeks of gestation. the participants were selected by cluster sampling from the 15 hospitals identified through random systematic sampling based on the number of deliveries in 2012. a questionnaire was designed to collect information. results: a total of 2987 (19.7%) women were diagnosed with gdm and 208 (1.4%) had diabetes in pregnancy (dip). age (or: 1.053, 95% ci: 1.033-1.074, p < 0.01), family history of diabetes mellitus (or: 1.481, 95% ci: 1.254-1.748, p < 0.01), prepregnancy body mass index (bmi) (or: 1.481,95% ci: 1.254-1.748, p < 0.01), bmi gain before 24 weeks (or: 1.126, 95% ci: 1.075-1.800, p < 0.01), maternal birth weight (p < 0.01), and fasting plasma glucose at the first prenatal visit (p < 0.01) were identified as risk factors for gdm. in women with birth weight < 3000 g, gdm rate was significantly higher. conclusions: one out of every five pregnant women in beijing either had gdm or dip and this constitutes a huge health burden for health services. prepregnancy bmi and weight gain before 24 h week are important modifiable risk factors for gdm. ensuring birth weight above 3000 g may help reduce risk for future gdm among female offsprings.
diabetes	background: advancements in research and clinical care have considerably extended the life expectancy of cystic fibrosis (cf) patients. however, with this extended survival come comorbidities. one of the leading co-morbidities is cf-related bone disease (cfbd), which progresses with disease severity and places patients at high risk for fractures, particularly of the ribs and vertebrae. evidence that cf patients with vertebral fractures had higher bone mineral density (bmd) than the nonfracture group led us to postulate that bone quality is impaired in these patients. we therefore examined rib specimens resected at the time of lung transplant in cf patients to measure parameters of bone quantity and quality. methods: in this exploratory study, we analysed 19 end-stage cf and 13 control rib specimens resected from otherwise healthy lung donors. bmd, bone microarchitecture, static parameters of bone formation and resorption and microcrack density of rib specimens were quantified by imaging, histomorphometric and histological methods. variables reflecting the mineralization of ribs were assessed by digitized microradiography. the degree of bone mineralization (g/cm(3)) and the heterogeneity index of the mineralization (g/cm(3)) were calculated for trabecular and cortical bone. results: compared to controls, cf ribs exhibited lower areal and trabecular volumetric bmd, decreased trabecular thickness and osteoid parameters, and increased microcrack density, that was particularly pronounced in specimens from patients with cf-related diabetes. static parameters of bone resorption were similar in both groups. degree of mineralization of total bone, but not heterogeneity index, was increased in cf specimens. conclusion: the combination of reduced bone mass, altered microarchitecture, imbalanced bone remodeling (maintained bone resorption but decreased formation), increased microdamage and a small increase of the degree of mineralization, may lead to decreased bone strength, which, when coupled with chronic coughing and chest physical therapy, may provide an explanation for the increased incidence of rib fractures previously reported in this population. 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
diabetes	type-2 diabetes (t2d) is associated in observational studies with both higher bone mineral density (bmd) and higher fracture risk for given bmd. these relationships may however be confounded by factors such as body mass index (bmi). here we used mendelian randomization (mr) to obtain non-confounded estimates of the effect of t2d and glycemic traits on bmd. we identified genetic variants strongly associated with t2d risk (34,840 t2d cases and 114,981 controls) and fasting glucose (133,010 nondiabetic individuals), but not associated with bmi, and determined the effects of these variants on bmd (up to 83,894 individuals). using these variants as instrumental variables, we found that a genetically-increased risk of t2d increased femoral neck bmd (+0.034 sd in bmd per unit increase in log-odds of t2d [95% ci, 0.001 to 0.067; p=0.044]). genetically-increased fasting glucose also increased femoral neck bmd (+0.13 sd in bmd per mmol/l increase in fasting glucose [95% ci, 0.01 to 0.25; p=0.034]). similar nonsignificant trends were observed for the effects of t2d and fasting glucose on lumbar spine bmd. our results indicate that both genetically-increased t2d risk and genetically-increased fasting glucose have weak positive effects on bmd. (c) 2016 american society for bone and mineral research.
parenting	although parenting is one of the most commonly studied predictors of child problem behavior, few studies have examined parenting as a multidimensional and dynamic construct. this study investigated different patterns of developmental trajectories of two parenting dimensions (harsh discipline [hd] and parental warmth [pw]) with a person-oriented approach and examined the associations between different parenting patterns and child externalizing problems and callous-unemotional traits. data were drawn from the combined high-risk control and normative sample (n = 753) of the fast track project. parent-reported hd and observer-reported pw from kindergarten to grade 2 were fit to growth mixture models. two subgroups were identified for hd (low decreasing, 83.0 %; high stable, 17.0 %) and pw (high increasing, 78.7 %; low increasing, 21.3 %). the majority of parents (67.0 %) demonstrated the low decreasing hd and high increasing pw pattern, while the prevalence of the high stable hd and low increasing pw pattern was the lowest (6.8 %). parenting satisfaction, parental depression, family socioeconomic status, and neighborhood safety predicted group memberships jointly defined by the two dimensions. children from the high stable hd and low increasing pw pattern showed the highest levels of externalizing problems in grades 4 and 5. children from the low decreasing hd and low increasing pw pattern showed the highest levels of callous-unemotional traits in grade 7. these findings demonstrate the utility and significance of a person-oriented approach to measuring parenting as a multidimensional and dynamic construct and reveal the interplay between hd and pw in terms of their influences on child developmental outcomes.
parenting	backgroundpractices to facilitate self-determination have not received appropriate attention in research concerning parents with intellectual disabilities (id). likewise, parenting interventions for adults with intellectual disabilities have seldom observed both parent and child behavioural outcomes. methodsthis study evaluated the effectiveness of a parenting intervention embedded with self-determination facilitation practices for two dyads of a parent with intellectual disabilities and their young child. the interventions focused on increasing parents' ability to correctly implement steps of a parenting routine while reducing occurrence of challenging child behaviour. resultsthe results of the study demonstrated two basic effects of correctly completed steps of the parenting routine and a reduction of challenging child behaviour. parents also reported decreased feelings of stress during the routine following completion of the intervention. conclusionsimplications for future research and replication of this pilot study are discussed.
parenting	providing educative help at home means that professionals have to enter into the intimacy of families and share daily tasks often for a long time. family support workers spend many hours alongside parents, helping them with their domestic and parenting tasks. this paper reports findings from an ethnographic study in which the researcher notes and gathers personal accounts relating to material and non-material exchanges between professionals and parents. it analyses the various forms of exchanges between families and family support workers that are permitted, tolerated or excluded by employers. it shows the informal side of professionals working with parents at home.
parenting	the present study was designed to examine mothers' emotional reactions, causal attributions, and socialization strategies in response to preschool children 's engagement in proactive and reactive physical aggression with peers during free play at school. participants were 84 mothers (m-age=31.83, sd=4.48) with preschool-aged children (m-age=4.92, sd=0. 97), residing in ankara, turkey. supporting our expectations, mothers reacted with negative emotions to both functions of aggressive behaviours, with less anxiety, disappointment, embarrassment, and guilt for reactive aggression. they also believed that reactive aggression is more contextually dependent and intentional and reported more indirect (e.g., asking the child, teacher, or other children to find out more about the situation and aggressive episode) and other-oriented strategies (e.g., telling the other child to behave properly) to address these behaviours. overall, our findings suggest that turkish mothers' feelings, perceptions, and socialization approaches to childhood aggression vary depending on the functions of aggression, and mothers perceive preschool-aged children 's engagement in reactive aggression in the school setting as relatively more acceptable than proactive aggression. copyright (c) 2016 john wiley & sons, ltd.
parenting	purpose patients with advanced disease are living longer and commonly used patient-reported outcome measures (proms) may miss relevant elements of the quality of extended survival. this systematic review examines the measures used to capture aspects of the quality of survival including impact on patients' everyday lives such as finances, work and family roles. methods searches were conducted in medline, embase, cinahl and psycinfo restricted to english language articles. information on study characteristics, instruments and outcomes was systematically extracted and synthesised. a predefined set of criteria was used to rate the quality of studies. results from 2761 potentially relevant articles, 22 met all inclusion criteria, including 10 concerning financial distress, 3 on roles and responsibilities and 9 on multiple aspects of social well-being. generally, studies were not of high quality; many lacked bias free participant selection, had confounding factors and had not accounted for all participants. high levels of financial distress were reported and were associated with multiple demographic factors such as age and income. there were few reports concerned with impacts on patients' roles/responsibilities in everyday life although practical and emotional struggles with parenting were identified. social difficulties were common and associated with multiple factors including being a caregiver. many studies were single time-point surveys and used non-validated measures. exceptions were employment of the cost and social difficulties inventory (sdi), validated measures of financial and social distress respectively. conclusions impact on some important parts of patients' everyday lives is insufficiently and inconsistently captured. further prom development focussing on roles and responsibilities, including work and caring for dependents, is warranted. implications for cancer survivors factors such as finances, employment and responsibility for caring for dependants (e.g. children and elderly relatives) can affect the well-being of cancer survivors. there is a need to ensure that any instruments used to assess patients' social well-being are broad enough to include these areas so that any difficulties arising can be better understood and appropriately supported.
birth_control	endocrine-disrupting chemicals (edcs) in municipal effluents directly affect the sexual development and reproductive success of fishes, but indirect effects on invertebrate prey or fish predators through reduced predation or prey availability, respectively, are unknown. at the experimental lakes area in northwestern ontario, canada, a long-term, whole-lake experiment was conducted using a before-after-control-impact design to determine both direct and indirect effects of the synthetic oestrogen used in the birth control pill, 17 alpha-ethynyloestradiol (ee2). algal, microbial, zooplankton and benthic invertebrate communities showed no declines in abundance during three summers of ee2 additions (5-6 ng l(-1)), indicating no direct toxic effects. recruitment of fathead minnow (pimephales promelas) failed, leading to a near-extirpation of this species both 2 years during (young-of-year, yoy) and 2 years following (adults and yoy) ee2 additions. body condition of male lake trout (salvelinus namaycush) and male and female white sucker (catostomus commersonii) declined before changes in prey abundance, suggesting direct effects of ee2 on this endpoint. evidence of indirect effects of ee2 was also observed. increases in zooplankton, chaoborus, and emerging insects were observed after 2 or 3 years of ee2 additions, strongly suggesting indirect effects mediated through the reduced abundance of several small-bodied fishes. biomass of top predator lake trout declined by 23-42% during and after ee2 additions, most probably an indirect effect from the loss of its prey species, the fathead minnow and slimy sculpin (cottus cognatus). our results demonstrate that small-scale studies focusing solely on direct effects are likely to underestimate the true environmental impacts of oestrogens in municipal wastewaters and provide further evidence of the value of whole-ecosystem experiments for understanding indirect effects of edcs and other aquatic stressors.
birth_control	the role of secularization in the european fertility decline has been of interest to demographers, who often explore the relationship on a macro-level or by identifying religious affiliation by proxy. however, the relationship has not been thoroughly studied on an individual level utilizing indicators of personal religious conviction and affiliation. the aim of the present article is to examine reproductive practices by religious affiliation in order to understand the impact of secularization on fertility decline. this is accomplished using event history analysis of longitudinal parish register data from sundsvall (1860-1921) where religious affiliation is identified on a family level. reproductive practices are analysed using cohort tfr, descriptive statistics and cox proportional hazard regressions. free-church affiliates had, overall, a higher probability of having another child than did affiliates to the state church. however, these differences decreased over time, and as fertility dropped throughout society free-church affiliates showed the strongest significant reduction in probability of another birth. this indicates that over time, within the free churches, ideas about respectability and restraint came to mean that birth control, in the form of abstinence within marriage, became an important practice in the formation of gendered religious identities - leading to a relatively early decrease in fertility.
birth_control	using longitudinal data from jiangsu fertility intention and behaviour study (jfibs) from year 2007 and 2010, this study analyses the fertility intention and behaviour of women who are qualified to have two children from a psychosocial point of view. based on the theory of planned behaviour, the theoretical framework from fertility intention to fertility behaviour is reconstructed. by observing the phenomenon from the micro-level, the gap between female fertility intention and behaviour and its associated factors are studied. the result shows that, given the situation of being qualified to have two children according to the government 's birth control policy, when faced with the choice of whether to have a second child or not, people tend to make their decisions rationally. attitudes towards fertility, subjective norms, and perceived behaviour control all contribute significantly to the discrepancy between fertility intention and behaviour. in addition, the formation of a concrete birth plan is a major driving force for translating fertility intention into action.
birth_control	sexual risk behaviors are common among college students, but differences between 2- and 4-year students have not been explicitly tested. survey data from 9,748 unmarried sexually active minnesota college students (in 2010 or 2011) were used multilevel logistic regression models to test differences in eight high risk sexual health behaviors and outcomes between students attending 2- vs. 4-year colleges. odds of sex without a condom, sex without reliable birth control, unplanned pregnancy, and stis were significantly lower among 4-year students than 2-year students, after adjusting for demographic covariates. health promotion approaches targeted to the needs of 2- or 4-year students may be needed. for example, messaging and outreach efforts encouraging condom use may be especially beneficial for sexual health programs at 2-year colleges. (c) 2014 wiley periodicals, inc.
birth_control	exogenous cortisol administration has been used to test the influence of glucocorticoids on a variety of outcomes, including memory and affect. careful control of factors known to influence cortisol and other endogenous hormone levels is central to the success of this research. while the use of hormonal birth control (hbc) is known to exert many physiological effects, including decreasing the salivary cortisol response to stress, it is unknown how hbc influences circulating cortisol levels after exogenous cortisol administration. to determine those effects, we examined the role of hbc on participants' cortisol levels after receiving synthetic cortisol (hydrocortisone) in two separate studies. in study 1, 24 healthy women taking hbc and 26 healthy men were administered a 0.1 mg/kg body weight intravenous dose of hydrocortisone, and plasma cortisol levels were measured over 3 h. in study 2, 61 participants (34 women; 16 were on hbc) received a 15 mg hydrocortisone pill, and salivary cortisol levels were measured over 6 h. taken together, results from these studies suggest that hbc use is associated with a greater cortisol increase following cortisol administration. these data have important methodological implications: (1) when given a controlled dose of hydrocortisone, cortisol levels may increase more dramatically in women taking hbc versus women not on hbc or men; and (2) in studies manipulating cortisol levels, women on hormonal contraceptives should be investigated as a separate group.
heart_disease	background and aims: patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (fh) are often characterized by premature coronary artery disease (cad) with heterogeneity at onset. the aim of the present study was to investigate the associations of lipoprotein (a) [lp(a)] with the fh phenotype, genotype and roles of lp(a) in determining cad risk among patients with and without fh. methods: we enrolled 8050 patients undergoing coronary angiography, from our lipid clinic. clinical fh was diagnosed using the dutch lipid clinic network criteria. mutational analysis (ldlr, apob, pcsk9) in definite/probable fh was performed by target exome sequencing. results: lp(a) levels were increased, with a clinical fh diagnosis (unlikely, possible, definite/probable fh) independent of the patients status, with lp(a)-hyperlipoproteinemia [lp(a)-hlp] (median 517.70 vs. 570.98 vs. 604.65 mg/l, p < 0.001) or without (median 89.20 vs. 99.20 vs. 133.67 mg/l, p < 0.001). patients with lp(a)-hlp had a higher prevalence of definite/probable fh than those without (6.1% vs. 2.4%, p0.05). multivariate analysis showed that lp(a) and fh phenotype were both significant determinants in predicting the early onset and severity of cad. subsequently, patients with lp(a)-hlp in definite/probable fh increased significantly the cad risk (all p < 0.05). conclusions: lp(a) levels were higher in patients with fh phenotype than in those without, but no difference were found in fh patients of different mutated backgrounds. moreover, lp(a) and fh played a synergistic role in predicting the early onset and severity of cad. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
heart_disease	an increasing evidence base suggests that low bone mineral density (bmd) and fractures are associated with cardiovascular disease (cvd). we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis summarizing the evidence of low bmd and fractures as risk factors for future cvd. two independent authors searched major databases from inception to august 1, 2016, for longitudinal studies reporting data on cvd incidence (overall and specific cvd) and bmd status and fractures. the association between low bmd, fractures, and cvd across longitudinal studies was explored by calculating pooled adjusted hazard ratios (hrs)+/- 95% confidence intervals (cis) with a random-effects meta-analysis. twenty-eight studies (18 regarding bmd and 10 fractures) followed a total of 1,107,885 participants for a median of 5 years. taking those with higher bmd as the reference, people with low bmd were at increased risk of developing cvd during follow-up (11 studies; hr=1.33; 95%ci, 1.27 to 1.38; i-2=53%), after adjusting for a median of eight confounders. this finding was confirmed using a decrease in one standard deviation of baseline bmd (9 studies; hr=1.16; 95% ci, 1.09 to 1.24; i-2=69%). the presence of fractures at baseline was associated with an increased risk of developing cvd (hr=1.20; 95% ci, 1.06 to 1.37; i-2=91%). regarding specific cvds, low bmd was associated with an increased risk of developing coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular conditions, and cvd-associated death. fractures at baseline was associated with an increased risk of cerebrovascular conditions and death due to cvd. in conclusion, low bmd and fractures are associated with a small, but significant increased risk of cvd risk and possibly death. (c) 2017 american society for bone and mineral research.
heart_disease	objectives: ambulatory systolic-diastolic pressure regression index (asdpri) as a composite marker of cardiovascular (cv) properties is related to cv complications. however, genetic determinants of asdpri are not known. the aim of this study is to report the relationship between certain single nucleotide polymorphisms (snp) and asdpri in hypertensive patients with cad confirmed by coronary angiography.methods: a total of 1345 hypertensive subjects with cad were included. snps were selected from genome-wide association studies. snps were reported to be associated with coronary artery disease risk. there were significant differences in 24h and daytime and nighttime asdpris for phctr1, lpa and adamts7 polymorphisms. genetic risk score (grs18) was constructed to evaluate additive effect of 18 snps for asdpri.results: analysis of covariance revealed a significant relationship between the ppab2b (-0.85; 95ci -1.85--0.16, p<0.02), wdr12 (-1.31; 95ci -2.19--0.43, p< 0.01) polymorphisms and nighttime asdpri dipping. analysis of covariance revealed a significant relationship between grs 18 and 24-h asdpri ( 0.34; 95ci 0.16-0.31, p<0.01).conclusions: in conclusion, adamts7 and lpa polymorphisms are related to 24-h asdpri but ppab2b and wdr12 gene polymorphisms are associated with nighttime asdpri dipping. a total of 24-h asdpri is determined by grs18.
heart_disease	background: omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 fas) have several beneficial effects on cardiovascular (cv) disease risk factors. these effects on cv risk profile may be mediated by several factors, including epigenetic modifications. our objective is to investigate, using genome-wide dna methylation analyses, methylation changes following an n-3 fa supplementation in overweight and obese subjects and to identify specific biological pathways potentially altered by the supplementation. results: blood leukocytes genome-wide dna methylation profiles of 36 overweight and obese subjects before and after a 6-week supplementation with 3 g of n-3 fas were compared using genomestudio software. after supplementation, 308 cpg sites, assigned to 231 genes, were differentially methylated (fdr-corrected diffscore >= vertical bar 13 vertical bar similar to p <= 0.05). using ingenuity pathway analysis system, a total of 55 pathways were significantly overrepresented following supplementation. among these pathways, 16 were related to inflammatory and immune response, lipid metabolism, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular signaling. changes in methylation levels of cpg sites within akt3, atf1, hdac4, and igfbp5 were correlated with changes in plasma triglyceride and glucose levels as well as with changes in the ratio of total cholesterol/hdl cholesterol following the supplementation. conclusions: these data provide key differences in blood leukocytes dna methylation profiles of subjects following an n-3 fa supplementation, which brings new, potential insights on metabolic pathways underlying the effects of n-3 fas on cv health.
heart_disease	background: as the approach to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) lowering becomes increasingly intensive, accurate assessment of ldl-c at very low levels warrants closer attention in individualized clinical efficacy and safety evaluation. we aimed to assess the accuracy of ldl-c estimation at very low levels by the friedewald equation, the de facto clinical standard, and compare its accuracy with a novel, big data-derived ldl-c estimate. methods: in 191,333 individuals with friedewald ldl-c < 70 mg/dl, we compared the accuracy of friedewald and novel ldl-c values in relation to direct measurements by vertical auto profile ultracentrifugation. we examined differences (estimate minus ultracentrifugation) and classification according to levels initiating additional safety precautions per clinical practice guidelines. results: friedewald values were less than ultracentrifugation measurement, with a median difference (25th to 75th percentile) of -2.4 (-7.4 to 0.6) at 50-69 mg/dl, -7.0 (-16.2 to -1.2) at 25-39 mg/dl, and -29.0 (-37.4 to -19.6) at < 15 mg/dl. the respective values by novel estimation were -0.1 (-1.5 to 1.3), -1.1 (-2.5 to 0.3), and -2.7 (-4.9 to 0.0) mg/dl. among those with friedewald ldl-c < 15, 15 to < 25, and 25 to < 40 mg/dl, the classification was discordantly low in 94.9%, 82.6%, and 59.9% of individuals as compared with 48.3%, 42.4%, and 22.4% by novel estimation. conclusions: estimation of even lower ldl-c values (by friedewald and novel methods) is even more inaccurate. more often than not, a friedewald value < 40 mg/dl is underestimated, which translates into unnecessary safety alarms that could be reduced in half by estimation using our novel method.
allergies	cannabis sativa (c.sativa) is well-known for its medicinal, industrial and recreational use. however, allergies in relation to cannabis sativa (c.sativa) are rarely reported. c. sativa is one of the common weeds found in pakistan and its pollen grains are common in spring and fall season. although categorized as an aeroallergen, there are limited number of reports regarding allergenic potential in c. sativa. therefore, the current study is aimed at exploring the ige-binding potential among the c.sativa pollen in local pollen allergic patients. initial screening of c. sativa sensitized individuals was carried out by dot blot from the sera of pollen allergic patients. proteins from the pollen grains were extracted and resolved on 10% gel. eight bands were visible on gel however only one protein fragment i.e. of 14kda size was found to bind to ige as analyzed through protein gel blot analysis. strong ige affinity of a 14 kda protein fragment from c. sativa pollen extract suggests its allergenic potential. further study is required to find the exact nature of this protein fragment.
allergies	introduction: the therapeutic use of animals has been debated for decades, and its use explored in a variety of settings and populations. however, there is no uniformity on naming these interventions. evidence based knowledge is essential to implement effective strategies in hospital. this review focused on the use of animal programs for hospitalized patients, and considered the potential risks. methods: the following databases were searched: pubmed, scopus, psychinfo, ebsco animals, proquest, web of science, cinahl, and medline, and prisma guidelines were adhered to. results: out of 432 articles were identified 36 articles suitable for inclusion into the review. data was heterogeneous in terms of age of patient, health issue, animals used and the length of interactions, which made comparison problematic. studies on children, psychiatric and elderly patients were the most common. the animal-intervention programs suggested various benefits such as reducing stress, pain and anxiety. other outcomes considered were changes in vital signs, and nutritional intake. most studies used dogs, but other animals were effectively employed. the major risks outlined were allergies, infections and animal-related accidents. zoonosis was a possible risk, as well as common infections as methicillinresistant staphylococcus aureus. the implementation of simple hygiene protocols was effective at minimizing risk. the literature suggested that the benefits outweighed by far the risks. conclusion: the human relationship with animals can be useful and relatively safe for inpatients with various problems. moreover, the implementation of security precautions and the careful selection of patients should minimize the risks, particularly those infection-related. many aspects remain unclear, further studies are required. (c) 2016 elsevier gmbh. all rights reserved.
allergies	with the turn of this century, novel food processing techniques have become commercially very important because of their profound advantages over the traditional methods. these novel processing methods tend to preserve the characteristic properties of food including their organoleptic and nutritional qualities better when compared with the conventional food processing methods. during the same period of time, there is a clear rise in the populations suffering from food allergies, especially infants and children. though, this fact is widely attributed to the changing livelihood of population in both developed and developing nations and to the introduction of new food habits with advent of novel foods and new processing techniques, their complete role is still uncertain. under the circumstance, it is very important to understand the structural changes in the protein as food is processed to comprehend whether the specific processing technique (conventional and novel) is increasing or mitigating the allergenicity. various modern means are now being employed to understand the conformational changes in the protein which can affect the allergenicity. in this review, the processing effects on protein structure and allergenicity are discussed along with the insinuations of recent studies and techniques for establishing a platform to investigate future pathway to reduce or eliminate allergenicity in the population.
allergies	aim: this study investigated whether allergies among schoolchildren increased in sweden between 1979 and 2007 and whether the geographical differences observed in previous studies remained. methods: we collected questionnaire data on asthma, allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (arc) and eczema in children aged seven to eight years from molndal, gothenburg, in south-western sweden and kiruna in northern sweden in 1979 (n = 4682), 1991 (n = 2481) and 2007 (n = 1029). the same regions and questions were used in all three studies, and extra questions on food allergy or intolerance were added in 2007. results: in 1979, 1991 and 2007, the total prevalence of asthma was 2.5%, 5.7% and 7.1%, arc was 5.5%, 8.1% and 11.1% and eczema was 7.1%, 18.3% and 19.7%, respectively. asthma prevalence remained higher in kiruna, but no significant regional differences were seen for arc and eczema. almost 20% reported a history of food allergy or intolerance, with a higher prevalence in kiruna. the allergy risk was reduced if both parents were born outside sweden. conclusion: the prevalence of arc continued to increase between 1991 and 2007, but increases in asthma and eczema started to level off in 1991. some geographical differences remained, but total allergy rates were similar in kiruna and molndal in 2007.
allergies	background: th9 cells are a newly discovered cd4(+) t helper cell subtype, characterized by high interleukin (il)-9 secretion. growing evidences suggest that th9 cells are involved in the pathogenic mechanism of multiple sclerosis (ms). mast cells are multifunctional innate immune cells, which are perhaps best known for their role as dominant effector cells in allergies and asthma. several lines of evidence point to an important role for mast cells in ms and its animal models. simultaneously, there is dynamic ""cross-talk"" between th9 and mast cells. the aim of the present study was to examine the il-9-mast cell axis in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (eae) and determine its interaction after neutralizing anti-il-9 antibody treatment. methods: female c57bl/6 mice were randomly divided into three groups (n = 5 in each group): mice with myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (mog)-induced eae (eae group), eae mice treated with anti-il-9 antibody (anti-il-9 abs group), and eae mice treated with igg isotype control (igg group). eae clinical score was evaluated. mast cells from central nervous system (cns) were detected by flow cytometry. the production of chemokine recruiting mast cells in the cns was explored by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr). in mice with mog-induced eae, the expression of il-9 receptor (il-9r) complexes in cns and spleen mast cells was also explored by rt-pcr, and then was repeating validated by immunocytochemistry. in vitro, spleen cells from eae mice were cultured with anti-il-9 antibody, and quantity of mast cells was counted by flow cytometry after co-culture. results: compared with igg group, il-9 blockade delayed clinical disease onset and ameliorated eae severity (t = -2.217, p = 0.031), accompany with mast cells infiltration decreases (day 5: t = -8.005, p < 0.001; day 15: t = -11.857, p < 0.001; day 20: t = -5.243, p = 0.001) in anti-il-9 abs group. the messenger rna expressions of c-c motif chemokine ligand 5 (t = -5.932, p = 0.003) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (t = -4.029, p = 0.004) were significantly decreased after il-9 neutralization in anti-il-9 abs group, compared with igg group. in mog-induced eae, the il-9r complexes were expressed in cns and spleen mast cells. in vitro, splenocytes cultured with anti-il-9 antibody showed significantly lower levels of mast cells in a dose-dependent manner, compared with splenocytes cultured with anti-mouse igg (5 mu g/ml: t = -0.894, p = 0.397; 10 mu g/ml: t = -3.348, p = 0.019; 20 mu g/ml: t = -7.639, p < 0.001). conclusions: this study revealed that il-9 neutralization reduced mast cell infiltration in cns and ameliorated eae, which might be relate to the interaction between il-9 and mast cells.
menopause	objective: equol, an active metabolite possessing estrogen-like activity, is produced by the action of intestinal flora on soy isoflavones. there is an increasing evidence regarding its efficacy in the relief of menopausal symptoms, suppression of decreased bone mineral density, and lipid profile improvement. only those with equol-producing capacity, however, seem to benefit. thus, we examined the relationship between equol producer status and parameters associated with lifestyle-related diseases in women from their 20s to 80s. methods: this cross-sectional study was conducted among 743 women (21-89 y; average age: 52.5 +/- 11.8 y) who have undergone health screening at tokyo midtown medical center and given consent to participate in the study. the relationship between equol producer status and metabolic parameters was assessed. results: in our study, 236 women (32%) were equol producers. equol producers had significantly lower triglycerides and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels compared with nonproducers. equol-producing women in their 50s showed significantly lower body fat level, visceral fat area, triglyceride levels, pulse wave velocity, uric acid levels, and high sensitivity c-reactive protein levels. in addition, women in their 60s showed significantly higher levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. in multivariate logistic regression, for women in their 50s, equol production was significantly associated with lower arterial stiffness and uric acid levels, and a high ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid, whereas it was significantly associated with lower urinary n-telopeptides in their 60s. conclusions: equol producer status was associated with favorable metabolic parameters, in women in the early phase postmenopause, with the transitional periods noted with declining intrinsic estrogen levels.
menopause	objective: the hypothalamic gonadotropin-releasing hormone pulse generator, the pituitary gonadotropes, the ovaries, and the uterus play a crucial role in female fertility. a decline in reproductive performance represents a complex interplay of actions at all levels of the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. recently, in the field of female reproductive aging attention is drawn to the carbonyl stress theory. advanced glycation end products (ages) contribute directly to protein damage, induce a chain of oxidative stress (os) reactions, and increase inflammatory reactions. here, we highlight some of the mechanisms underlying glycation damage in the ovary. methods: searches of electronic databases were performed. articles relevant to possible role of os, ages, and receptor for age (rage) in aging ovary were summarized in this interpretive literature review. results: follicular microenvironment undergoes an increase in os with aging. data support the role of os in ovulatory dysfunction because ages are well-recognized mediators of increased os. rage and age-modified proteins with activated nuclear factor-kappa b are expressed in human ovarian tissue. it was suggested that accumulation of ages products at the level of the ovarian follicle might trigger early ovarian aging or could be responsible for reduced glucose uptake by granulosa cells, potentially altering follicular growth. moreover, impaired methylglyoxal detoxification causing relevant damage to the ovarian proteome might be one of the mechanisms underlying reproductive aging. conclusions: further investigation of the role for the age-rage axis in the ovarian follicular environment is needed, and results could relate to assisted reproduction technology outcomes and new measures of ovarian reserve.
menopause	the widespread availability of effective antiretroviral therapy (art) has transformed hiv from a life limiting condition to one with near-normal life expectancy. hiv is associated with an increased risk of osteopenia and osteoporosis, with people living with hiv (plhiv) potentially experiencing these conditions at a younger age than their hiv-negative counterparts. the mechanisms driving bone disease in hiv are complex and include: an increased prevalence of traditional risk factors; other comorbid conditions; and hiv-associated factors such as viral effects, systemic inflammation, and art-related factors. one-third of plhiv in the united kingdom are female, and increasing numbers of women living with hiv (wlhiv) are reaching menopausal age. oestrogen decline in the context of an elevated background risk of poor bone health results in wlhiv being at greater risk of osteoporosis than women without hiv. european hiv guidelines therefore recommend routine screening of postmenopausal wlhiv using frax (c) for clinical risk factors, with or without bone mineral density scanning. data support the use of calcium and vitamin d supplementation, and bisphosphonates in the treatment of osteoporosis in plhiv. additionally, some patients with confirmed osteoporosis may benefit from a switch to an art agent with a better bone safety profile. however, there remains a notable paucity of data on hiv and menopause, including the impact of hormone replacement therapy on the bone health of wlhiv. in conclusion, it is important that clinicians are aware that postmenopausal wlhiv are a group at particular risk of bone disease, who require proactive screening and advice about preventative measures. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
menopause	background although aromatase inhibitors have proven to be an effective treatment of hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in postmenopausal women, aromatase inhibitorinduced arthralgia (aia) is an adverse event associated with low compliance with treatment. the aim of this literature study is to assess the prevalence of aia and to provide an overview of significant predictors for the development of aia. methods a systematic review was conducted using pubmed, cochrane library and web of science. a meta-analysis was performed and heterogeneity has been investigated by moderator analyses. the meta-analysis was repeated with studies that were considered as best evidence, i. e. studies with an above-average score on the strobe checklist. results twenty-one studies (13,177 participants) were included. prevalence rates ranged from 0.200 to 0.737. meta-analysis resulted in a pooled estimate of 0.459 (95% ci = [0.397-0.520) with a high heterogeneity (i-2 = 98%). moderator analysis showed no differences regarding heterogeneity. predictors for the development of aia included a body mass index of 25-30 kg/m(2) (or = 0.33), taxane-based chemotherapy (or = 4.08), stage iii cancer (or = 0.32) and a duration of menopause of 5-10 years (or = 1.10) or>10 years (or = 0.44-3.29) (an or < 1 indicates a predictor of lower risk of aia). discussion despite the established benefits of ai, an important portion of the patients experiences aia. more research is needed to investigate the efficacy of treatments such as exercise therapy for aia.
menopause	lamotrigine (ltg) is an antiepileptic drug that is metabolized via glucuronidation. since the glucuronidizing enzyme is inducible by estrogens, ltg serum concentrations may fall by 50-60% when combined with hormonal contraceptives that contain ethinyl estradiol (ee). little is known about a possible interaction between estrogens used for hormone replacement therapy (hrt) and ltg, and the few available data are conflicting. data from serum samples analyzed for ltg were therefore retrieved from a routine therapeutic drug monitoring database. users of hrt and ee were identified and matched with controls for age and dose. no enzyme-inducing or enzyme-inhibiting comedication was allowed. ltg serum concentration-to-dose ratios (cdrs) were calculated. case groups and their respective control groups were compared by the mann-whitney u test. seventy-nine hrt users (dose range 1-4 mg/day) and 200 ee users (dose range 20-40 g/day), as well as 158 and 400 matching controls, respectively, could be included. both ee users and hrt users had significantly lower mean ltg cdrs than their respective matched controls. these results suggest that hrt with estrogens may reduce serum ltg concentrations.
emergency_contraception	since the development of combined oral contraceptives over 50 years ago, significant innovations have occurred in the domain of the progestin. evolving knowledge of progestin mechanism of action and physiology has allowed for development of novel progestins with limited steroid receptor cross-reactivity, decreased side effect profiles, and pharmacokinetics optimized for modern delivery systems. this review summarizes current knowledge of progestin physiology, modern delivery systems, and developments of progestin agonists and antagonists for contraception.
emergency_contraception	in argentina, campaigns for the recognition of sexual and reproductive rights have sparked opposition through litigation in which the dynamics of legal action have come from self-proclaimed ""pro-life"" ngo5, particularly since 1998, when the conservative ngo portal de belen successfully achieved the banning of emergency contraception through the courts. the activities of these groups, acting as a ""civil arm"" of religion, are focused primarily on obstructing access to legally permissible abortions and bringing about the withdrawal of a number of recognized public policies on sexual and reproductive health, particularly the 2002 national programme for sexual health and responsible procreation. this paper analyzes the litigation strategies of these conservative ngos and how their use of the courts in argentina has changed over the years. it gives examples of efforts in local courts to block individual young women from accessing legal abortion following rape, despite a ruling by the national supreme court of justice in 2012 that no judicial permission is required. in spite of major advances, the renewed influence of the catholic hierarchy in the argentine political scene with the accession of the new pope poses challenges to the work by feminists and women 's movements to extend and consolidate sexual and reproductive rights. (c) 2014 reproductive health matters
emergency_contraception	purpose: there is a growing movement for an over-the-counter (otc) oral contraceptive (oc) in the united states. this study aimed to explore women 's views regarding an age restriction for an otc oc. methods: from november to december 2011, we administered a nationally representative survey of u.s. women aged 18-44 years who were at risk of unintended pregnancy to explore their opinions of an age restriction for an otc oc. a total of 2,046 women completed the survey. weighted proportions were calculated, and logistic regression was used to identify covariates associated with supporting an age restriction. chi-square tests of potential advantages and disadvantages of otc access to ocs by support for an age restriction were also performed. results: overall, 26% of respondents supported an age restriction for an otc oc; 28% were against an age restriction, and 46% were unsure. in multivariable analysis controlling for overall support for otc access to ocs and for other covariates, women were more likely to support an age restriction for an otc oc if they had less than a high school degree (odds ratio [or], 2.5), a high school degree (or, 1.6), or some college (or, 1.6) compared with a college degree; if they were married compared with never married (or, 2.1); and if they lived in the midwest (or, 2.1) or south (or, 2.1) compared with the west. conclusions: a minority of women support an age restriction. women 's concerns about a potential otc oc should be addressed through education and ongoing research. (c) 2015 society for adolescent health and medicine. all rights reserved.
emergency_contraception	the human progesterone receptor (pr) plays a key role in reproductive function in women. pr antagonists have numerous applications in female health care including regular and emergency contraception, and treatment of hormone-related pathological conditions such as breast cancer, endometriosis, and leiomyoma. the main factor limiting their long-term administration is the fact that they cross-bind to other oxo-steroid receptors. ulipristal acetate (upa), a highly potent pr antagonist, has recently come onto the market and is much more selective for pr than the other oxo-steroid receptors (androgen, ar, glucocorticoid, gr, and mineralocorticoid, mr receptors) and, remarkably, it displays lower gr-inactivating potency than ru486. we adopted a structural approach to characterizing the binding of upa to the oxo-steroid receptors at the molecular level. we solved the x-ray crystal structure of the ligand-binding domain (lbd) of the human pr complexed with upa and a peptide from the transcriptional corepressor smrt. we used the x-ray crystal structure of the gr in its antagonist conformation to dock upa within its ligand-binding cavity. finally, we generated three-dimensional models of the lbd of androgen and mineralocorticoid receptors (ar and mr) in an antagonist conformation and docked upa within them. comparing the structures revealed that the network of stabilizing contacts between the upa c11 aryl group and the lbd is responsible for its high pr antagonist potency. it also showed that it is the inability of upa to contact gln642 in gr that explains why it has lower potency in inactivating gr than ru486. finally, we found that the binding pockets of ar and mr are too small to accommodate upa, and allowed us to propose that the extremely low sensitivity of mr to upa is due to inappropriate interactions with the c11 substituent. all these findings open new avenues for designing new pr antagonist compounds displaying greater selectivity. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
emergency_contraception	objective emergency contraception (ec) accessibility has evolved differently in catalunya as compared with other autonomous communities in spain. free-of-charge access within the public health system was authorised in 2004, and over-the-counter (otc) access was implemented in 2009. the aim of the study is to assess the impact of these measures on demand and users' profiles at our institution. methods a retrospective study, in our emergency department, was conducted to evaluate ec requests in relationship to accessibility modifications. the age of women and which days of the week they attended were analysed. results the number of ec requests, the distribution by age and the demand over the week remained stable after access to ec became free of charge. however, requests sharply decreased following otc access implementation. distribution by age also changed, with a significant increase in requests from women under 25 years (72% vs 56%, p < 0.001). demand was greatest on sunday and monday, and this distribution persisted over the study period. conclusion ec requests remained unchanged following free-of-charge access to ec, but decreased after otc implementation. women currently seeking ec at no cost at our institution are more likely to be younger and to request it on a monday.
skin_care	there are conditions in dermatology that cause severe cracking and flaking of the skin, representing a failure of normal desquamation. several hygroscopic substances that affect the moisturization of the stratum corneum have been identified for the treatment of scaling disorders. prominent among these are polyols and alpha hydroxy acids. we elaborated a new pharmaceutical product that combines the biomolecules glycerol and ammonium lactate. the aim of this study was to evaluate the physicochemical stability and rheologic properties of the new skin care preparation.
skin_care	a sensitive gas chromatography-mass spectrometry method was established for the simultaneous determination of thirteen n-nitrosamines (nas) in skin care cosmetics. the cosmetics samples were firstly dispersed by water and subsequently extracted and purified using salting out-acetonitrile homogeneous extraction method. finally, the extracting solution was concentrated by slow nitrogen gas blowing. all of the samples were separated by innowax capillary chromatographic column, and detected by selected ion monitoring (sim) mode of gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (gc-ms) and quantified by isotope internal standard method. the method was validated for linearity and range, accuracy, precision and sensitivity. under the optimized condition, the calibration curves were linear over the selected concentration ranges of 2-500 mu g/l for all the thirteen analytes, with calculated coefficients of determination (r-2) of greater than 0.996. the limits of detection (lods) and the limits of quantitation (loqs) of the method were 3-15 mu g/kg and 10-50 mu g/kg, respectively. recoveries were calculated at three levels of concentration spiked in two kinds of cosmetics (skin care cream and water). the values were found between 93.8% and 121.0% with relative standard deviation (rsd) values of 2.5-7.2% for intra-day precision (n = 6) and 3.3-6.7% for inter-day precision (n = 5). the method was successfully applied to analyze twenty-two cosmetics samples and n-nitrosodimethylamine (ndma) was detected in one sample with the concentration of 207 mu g/kg. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
skin_care	background: cutaneous adverse events can have an important negative influence on quality of life and compliance in affected patients. palmoplantar erythrodysesthesia (ppe; hand-foot syndrome) is a cutaneous toxicity associated with chemotherapeutic treatment, which necessitates treatment interruption or dose reduction in severe cases. this case report of pegylated liposomal doxorubicin-induced ppe shows the influence of mechanical stress on the development of skin lesions in various locations and the importance of patient education and compliance. case report: we present the case of a 43-year-old female patient diagnosed with ovarian cancer and having undergone surgical and chemotherapeutic treatment. the development of extensive grade 3 ppe affecting numerous areas of the body particularly exposed to mechanical pressure necessitated dermatological treatment. the combination of local application of an antioxidant-containing ointment and the patient 's compliance made it possible to continue chemotherapy without interruption or dose reduction. conclusion: the development of ppe often limits the use of chemotherapeutic agents, and this case report can provide a possible therapeutic and preventive strategy for affected patients.
skin_care	ethnopharmacological relevance: plukenetia volubilis l. (euphorbiaceae) is a domesticated vine distributed from the high-altitude andean rain forest to the lowlands of the peruvian amazon. oil from the cold-pressed seeds, sold under the commercial name of sacha inchi oil (sio) is actually much in favour because it contains a high percentage of omega 3 and omega 6, and is hence used as a dietary supplement. sio is also used traditionally for skin care, in order to maintain skin softness, and for the treatment of wounds, insect bites and skin infections, in a tropical context where the skin is frequently damaged. aims of the study: this study was designed in order to verify whether the traditional use of sio for skin care would have any impact on staphylococcus aureus growth and skin adherence, as s. aureus is involved in many skin pathologies (impetigo, folliculitis, furuncles and subcutaneous abscesses) being one if the main pathogens that can be found on the skin. therefore, our objective was to assess sio bactericidal activity and interference with adherence to human skin explants and the keratinocyte cell line. cytotoxicity on that cells was also determined. the activity of sio was compared to coconut oil (coco), which is widely used for skin care but has different unsaturated fatty acids contents. materials and methods: laboratory testing with certified oil, determined antibacterial activity against radio labelled s. aureus. cytotoxic effects were measured with xtf on keratinocyte cells and with neutral red on human skin explants; phenol was used as cytotoxic control. adherence assays were carried out by mixing h3-labelled s. aureus bacteria with keratinocyte cells and human skin explants, incubated with oils 2 h before (to determine the inhibition of adherence, assimilated to a preventive effect) or 2 h after the contact of the biological material with s. aureus (to assess the detachment of the bacteria, assimilated to a curative effect). residual radioactivity measured after washings made it possible to determine the adherence intensity. bactericidal effect was determined by colony counting on trypticase soy agar. results: laboratory assays showed that sio and coco, tested undiluted, were not cytotoxic on keratinocytes nor human explants and were not bactericidal neither. sio was more active as antiadherent (preventive) than coco on keratinocytes. there was no significant difference between detachment effects (curative) of both oils on keratinocytes but sio was almost 5 times more active on the detachment of s. aureus from human skin explants. conclusion: from that study it can be concluded that the use of sio on dermal cells is safe and efficient in the inhibition of s. aureus adherence. our results tend to support the traditional use of undiluted sio in skin care. (c) 2015 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
skin_care	a washcloth with a colour indicator appears green when immersed into skin friendly washing agents with a ph of around 6, and red when immersed into irritant washing solutions with a ph above 9. this traffic light colour change of the washcloth helps parents and elderly people avoid allergic reactions caused by alkaline personal care products. the washcloth operates fully reversibly and thus can be used multiple times, and it can be washed without leaching because the dye chemistry is covalently immobilised to the fabric. testing according to oekotex 100 product class 1 approves contact with babies, certifying the high stability of immobilisation. the washcloth can be used for proper choice of skin care products and for general dermatology applications.
myelofibrosis	mutations in the calreticulin (calr) gene are found in the majority of janus kinase 2-negative myeloproliferative neoplasms mpn and, thus far, have exclusively been reported as acquired, somatic mutations. we assessed the mutational status of exon 9 of the calr gene in 2000 blood samples submitted to our centre and identified 12 subjects (0.6%) harbouring distinctive calr mutations, all with an allelic frequency of 50% and all involving indels occurring as multiples of 3 bp. buccal cell samples obtained from these patients confirmed the germline nature of the mutations. importantly, these germline mutations were not diagnostic of mpn. we thus report for the first time the identification and confirmation of germline mutations in calr distinct from those somatic mutations that define classical mpn. the finding of a non-standard calr mutation with an allelic frequency of 50% should raise suspicion of the possibility of a germline calr mutation and these cases investigated further.
myelofibrosis	we evaluated ruxolitinib in 65 patients with myelofibrosis according to age, sex, time of diagnosis, grade of fibrosis, prognostic score risk, janus kinase (jak) status, primary or secondary myelofibrosis, previous treatment, and dosage. outcome measures were response rate, time to response, duration of response, and event-free survival and survival. kaplan and meier curves show a significant difference in event-free survival according to the prognostic score, in favor of patients with low int1 (p = 0.0009). the cox stepwise model confirmed the result, the int2 high-risk score being the most powerful negative independent parameter (0.001), followed by jak (0.008); other parameters, such as diagnosis more than 5 years earlier, grade iii-iv fibrosis, and ruxolitinib dose have a negligible impact. time to response was shorter (p = 0.001) in primary myelofibrosis. in conclusion, ruxolitinib is effective, with a better outcome in patients with a low-int1 risk score. this may suggest considering an earlier administration in the disease course.
myelofibrosis	primary myelofibrosis is a unique entity among bcr-abl-negative myeloproliferative diseases, manifesting as bone marrow fibrosis and pancytopenia. considerable evidence indicates that genetic and epigenetic abnormalities can result in defective clonal hematopoietic stem cell proliferation in addition to bone marrow microenvironment alteration. the ""bad seeds in bad soil"" theory illustrates the orchestrating efforts of hematopoietic stem cells, stromal cells, and their surrounding signaling molecules in myelofibrosis progression and malignancy transformation, though the exact mechanism of myelofibrosis is still not clear. this study reviews current concepts and questions regarding the pathogenesis of primary myelofibrosis and discusses the emerging targeted therapy aimed at restoring normal bone marrow environment and halting bone marrow fibrotic deterioration.
myelofibrosis	myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpn) are clonal disorders of hematopoietic stem- and progenitor cells. mutation of janus-kinase 2 (jak2) is the most frequent genetic event detected in philadelphia-negative mpn. in advanced phases, the clinical hallmark of the disease is a striking inflammatory syndrome. so far, the cellular and molecular basis of inflammation is not fully understood. we, therefore, sought to investigate the relationship of activating jak2 mutation and aberrant cytokine expression in mpn. cytokine array was performed to identify jak2v617f-related cytokine expression and secretion. cxcl10 mrna expression was analyzed by qpcr in peripheral blood cells. to exclude paracrine/autocrine stimulation as a potential mechanism, we generated ba/f3-epor-jak2wt or epor-jak2v617f cells lacking cxcl10 receptor. pharmacologic inhibition of jak2 kinase was achieved by jak-inhibitor treatment. signaling pathways and downstream effectors were characterized by western blotting, immunofluorescence microscopy, luciferase reporter assays, qpcr, and chromatin-immunoprecipitation studies. we identified cxcl10 as the most highly induced cytokine in jak2-mutated cell lines. in mpn patients, cxcl10 is highly expressed in jak2v617f but not jak2wt mpn or healthy donor controls. moreover, cxcl10 expression correlates with jak2v617f allelic burden. high cxcl10 correlates with the presence of clinical risk factors but not with clinical symptoms and quality of life. pharmacologic inhibition of mutated jak2 kinase inhibits cxcl10 expression. nf kappa b signaling is activated downstream of jak2v617f receptor and directly induces cxcl10 expression. our data provide first evidence for a link between oncogenic jak2v617f signaling and cell intrinsic induction of cxcl10 induced by activated nfkb signaling.
myelofibrosis	the social media platform twitter has provided the hematology/oncology community with unprecedented, novel methods of interpersonal communication and increased ability for the dissemination of important updates in a rapidly moving field. the advent, and subsequent success, of disease-specific twitter communities have further enabled interested healthcare stakeholders to become quickly organized around a unique set of rare medical conditions, such as hematologic malignancies, that, historically, generally lack large amounts of reliable online information. one example is the twitter community #mpnsm (myeloproliferative neoplasms on social media), which was started approximately one and half years ago and has served as a recognized venue for discussion among many members of the mpn community, including patients, researchers, providers, and advocacy organizations. this article will focus on understanding the impact of the founding of this community via the analysis of advanced twitter metrics of user experience, from the first year of use for this novel healthcare hashtag.
hypothyroidism	the activity of the hypothalamus-pituitary-thyroid axis (hpt) is coordinated by hypophysiotropic thyrotropin releasing hormone (trh) neurons present in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus. hypophysiotropic trh neurons act as energy sensors. trh controls the synthesis and release of thyrotropin, which activates the synthesis and secretion of thyroid hormones; in target tissues, transporters and deiodinases control their local availability. thyroid hormones regulate many functions, including energy homeostasis. this review discusses recent evidence that covers several aspects of trh role in hpt axis regulation. knowledge about the mechanisms of trh signaling has steadily increased. new transcription factors engaged in trh gene expression have been identified, and advances made on how they interact with signaling pathways and define the dynamics of trh neurons response to acute and/or long-term influences. albeit yet incomplete, the relationship of trh neurons activity with positive energy balance has emerged. the importance of tanycytes as a central relay for the feedback control of the axis, as well as for hpt responses to alterations in energy balance, and other stimuli has been reinforced. finally, some studies have started to shed light on the interference of prenatal and postnatal stress and nutrition on hptaxis programing, which have confirmed the axis susceptibility to early insults.
hypothyroidism	hypothyroidism is associated with the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, but cellular mechanisms have been scarcely analyzed. thyroid hormones regulate the synthesis and secretion of bile acids that are endogenous ligands of the farnesoid receptor (fxr alpha), which have been involved in the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. however, the relationship between thyroid hormones and fxr alpha expression in the liver is yet unknown. control (n = 6) and methimazole-induced hypothyroid (n = 6) female rabbits were used to evaluate the amount of lipids and glycogen, vascularization, hepatocytes proliferation, immune cells infiltration, and expression of fxr alpha. student-t or mann-whitney u tests were carried out to determine significant differences. hypothyroidism induced steatosis, glycogen loss, fibrosis, and a minor vascularization in the liver. in contrast, hypothyroidism increased the proliferation of hepatocytes and the infiltration of mast cells, but did not modify the number of immune cells into sinusoids. these changes were associated with a minor anti-fxr alpha immunoreactivity of periportal hepatocytes and pericentral immune cells. our results suggest that hypothyroidism induces a moderate non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, alllowing the hepatic regeneration. the fxr alpha may be involved in the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in hypothyroid subjects.
hypothyroidism	no serological cut-off exists to separate low t3 syndrome (lt) and central hypothyroidism (ch). the objective of this retrospective study was to propose such a cut-off. the first participant group comprised 52 patients from the age of six to twenty years. this group consisted of patients of 36 anorexia nervosa with lt and 16 ch. the second participant groups comprised 229 patients of all the same range of ages at the same hospital and included lt (n = 58) and ch (n = 4) patients, respectively. the third group of participants comprised 125 lt and 27 ch patients at the same hospital at all ages less than eighteen years. the last group of participants comprised 10 ch patients from the other two hospitals. the main outcome measure was ft3/ft4 ratio (pg/ml, ng/dl respectively). this ratio in the first group was significantly different (p < 0.05) between lt and ch. when the cut off value of fi3/ft4 was set as 2.0, the sensitivity of the lt and ch patients in the second group was 62% and 100%, respectively. this cut-off value of 2.0 was useful for distinguishing lt from ch only above the age of two years, as shown in the third group. the ft3/ft4 in 10 subjects with ch in the last group, aged 2 to 7 years, ranged from 2.55 to 7.71. in conclusion, tt3/if4 less than 2.0 suggests lt rather than ch for patients from the age of two to eighteen years.
hypothyroidism	background: myxedema coma is a life-threatening and emergency presentation of hypothyroidism. however, the clinical features and outcomes of this condition have been poorly defined because of its rarity. methods: we conducted a retrospective observational study of patients diagnosed with myxedema coma from july 2010 through march 2013 using a national inpatient database in japan. we investigated characteristics, comorbidities, treatments, and in-hospital mortality of patients with myxedema coma. results: we identified 149 patients diagnosed with myxedema coma out of approximately 19 million inpatients in the database. the mean (standard deviation) age was 77 (12) years, and two-thirds of the patients were female. the overall proportion of in-hospital mortality among cases was 29.5%. the number of patients was highest in the winter season. patients treated with steroids, catecholamines, or mechanical ventilation showed higher in-hospital mortality than those without. variations in type and dosage of thyroid hormone replacement were not associated with in-hospital mortality. the most common comorbidity was cardiovascular diseases (40.3%). the estimated incidence of myxedema coma was 1.08 per million people per year in japan. multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed that higher age and use of catecholamines (with or without steroids) were significantly associated with higher in-hospital mortality. conclusions: the present study identified the clinical characteristics and outcomes of patients with myxedema coma using a large-scale database. myxedema coma mortality was independently associated with age and severe conditions requiring treatment with catecholamines. (c) 2016 the authors. publishing services by elsevier b.v.
hypothyroidism	the purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of hypothyroidism among hospitalized patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and its related factors, and to assess the prevalence of macrovascular and microvascular diseases among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients with hypothyroidism and euthyroidism. a total of 1662 type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients hospitalized at the metabolic diseases hospital, tianjin medical university from 1 january 2008 to 1 march 2013 were included in this study. information on demographic and anthropometric factors and additional variables related to hypothyroidism were collected from medical records. prevalence rates were calculated and standardized using direct method based on the age-specific and sex-specific structure of all participants. data were analyzed using binary logistic regression with adjustment for potential confounders. the prevalence of hypothyroidism among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients was 6.8 %, and 77.0% of the patients with hypothyroidism had subclinical hypothyroidism. the prevalence of hypothyroidism increased with age, and was higher in women (10.8 %) than in men (3.4 %). older age (odds ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1. 05 to 2.89), female gender (odds ratio, 2.02; 95% confidence interval, 1.05 to 3.87), and positive thyroid peroxidase antibody (odds ratio, 4.99; 95% confidence interval, 2.83 to 8.79) were associated with higher odds of hypothyroidism among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients. the type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients with hypothyroidism had higher prevalence of cerebrovascular diseases than those with euthyroidism after adjustment for age and gender. the prevalence of hypothyroidism among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients was 6.8 %, and most patients had subclinical hypothyroidism. older age, female gender, and positive thyroid peroxidase antibody could be indicators for detecting hypothyroidism in type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients.
headache	objective: to investigate the common complications from the microsurgical treatment of large intracranial vestibular schwannoma (vs) via suboccipital retrosigmoid approach and to propose strategies for minimizing such complications. methods: we selected all patients with large unilateral vs from the collected database (1999-2013) who underwent microsurgical resection as their initial treatment for histopathologically confirmed vs. tumors larger than 30 chi 20 mm were defined as large. results: a total of 1167 patients with vs were included. gross total tumor resection was achieved in 1006 patients (86.2%). the mortality rate is 0.77%. the facial nerve was preserved anatomically in 1083 cases (92.8%), and the functional valuation of the facial nerve according to postoperative house-brackmann scale showed 423 patients (36.2%) in grades i-ii, 534 cases (45.8%) in grade iii, and 210 patients (18.0%) in grade iv-vi. the main short-term postoperative complication included new hearing loss (american institute of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery grade d) in 634 cases (54.3%), disequilibrium in 250 cases (21.4%), labial herpes in 127 cases (10.9%), meningitis in 115 (9.85%) and lower cranial nerve deficit in 77 cases (6.59%). follow-up data were available for 978 of the 1167 patients (83.8%). long-term complications include hearing loss (american institute of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery grade d) (75.8%), permanent facial paralysis (11.9%), facial numbness (10.9%), tinnitus (2.96%), chronic headache (2.25%), and taste disturbance (1.43%). conclusions: the key factors for reducing surgical complications include careful assessment of the functions of acoustic and facial nerves as well as a thorough understanding of anatomy via the retrosigmoid approach before operation, skillful microsurgical technique, and monitoring of multiple cranial nerves during resection.
headache	gentiana veitchiorum hemsl., gentianaceae, a traditional tibetan medicine, was used for the treatment of liver jaundice with damp-heat pathogen, as well as for headache and chronic pharyngitis. a rapidultra-performance liquid chromatography, photodiode array detector, quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry method was developed for the fast and accurate identification and quantification of the chemical constituents of g. veitchiorum. in fact, eighteen compounds were detected and identified on the basis of their mass spectra, fragment characteristics and comparison with published data. especially, the ms fragmentation pathways of iridoid glycosides and flavone c-glycosides were illustrated. five compounds among them were quantified by uhplc-pda, including swertiamarin, gentiopicroside, sweroside, isoorientin, and isovitexin. the proposed method was then validated based on the analyses of linearity, accuracy, precision, and recovery. the overall recoveries for the five analytes ranged from 96.54% to 100.81%, with rsd from 1.05% to 1.82%. in addition, ten batches of g. veitchiorum from different areas were also analyzed. the developed method was rapid and reliable for both identification and quantification of the chemical constituents of g. veitchiorum, especially for simultaneous qualitative and quantitative analysis of iridoid glycosides and flavone c-glycosides. (c) 2016 sociedade brasileira de farmacognosia. published by elsevier editora ltda.
headache	background: patients with sickle cell disease (scd) may experience many complications of the central nervous system (cns) including stroke, silent cerebral infarcts, and neuropsychological deficits. cranial epidural hematoma is a rare but potentially serious complication. procedure: case series of cranial epidural hematomas in children with scd from three different institutions is considered, along with a literature review of cranial epidural hematomas in this population. results: seven children with scd with cranial epidural hematomas were identified from three different institutions. all patients were male and the age at presentation ranged from 10 to 18 years. two patients presented with headache (28.6%), while the rest had no neurologic symptoms at presentation. four patients required urgent neurosurgical intervention (57.1%) and one patient died (14.3%). a literature review identified 18 additional cases of cranial epidural hematomas in children with scd. of these, treatment ranged from supportive care to neurosurgical intervention. twelve patients completely recovered (66.7%), one patient had long-term cognitive impairment (5.6%), and four patients died (22.2%). combined with our data, cranial epidural hematomas have a mortality rate of 20.0%. conclusions: although rare, cranial epidural hematoma can be fatal and should be considered in patients with acute neurological symptoms.
headache	background: three successive editions of the international classification of headache disorders and multiple guideline papers on headache care have described evidence based diagnosis and treatment of headache disorders. it remains unknown, however, to which extent this has improved the diagnosis and management of headache. that was the aim of our study in which we also analysed differences between three social groups in russia. methods: we studied 1042 students (719 females, 323 males, mean age 20.6, age range 17-40), 1075 workers (146 females, 929 males, mean age 40.4, age range 21-67) and 1007 blood donors (484 females, 523 males, mean age 34.1, age range 18-64). we conducted a semi-structured, validated, face-to-face professional interview. data on prevalence and associated factors have previously been published. a section of the interview focused on previous diagnosis and treatment, the topic of this paper. results: only 496 of 2110 participants (23%) with headache in russia had consulted because of headache. students consulted more frequently (35%), workers and blood donors less often (13% and 14%). only 12% of the patients with ichd-3beta diagnosis of migraine and 11.7% with ichd-3beta diagnosis of tension-type headache (tth) had previously been correctly diagnosed. triptans were used by only 6% of migraine patients. only 0.4% of migraine patients and no tth patients had received prophylactic treatment. conclusion: despite existing guidelines about diagnosis and treatment, both remain poor in russia. according to the literature this is only slightly better in europe and america. dissemination of existing knowledge should have higher priority in the future.
headache	background migraine is a prevalent disorder characterised by recurrent headache attacks preceded or accompanied by aura in a subgroup of patients. migraine often occurs together with major depressive disorder (mdd). alterations of adipokine levels have been reported both in migraine and in mdd. in this cross-sectional study, we aimed to assess the associations between serum leptin and adiponectin levels and migraine or migraine subtypes. analyses were adjusted for a lifetime history of mdd in order to investigate the association between adipokines and migraine under consideration of depression status. methods we included 3025 participants from the colaus/psycolaus study. the impact of leptin and adiponectin levels on a diagnosis of migraine was analysed by binary regression analyses, adjusting for variables known to influence adipokine levels. subgroup analyses were conducted based on the presence of aura. results crude leptin levels were significantly higher in subjects with migraine than controls (mann-whitney u=515,102, p=6x10(-7)). when performing adjusted analyses, leptin levels were found to be significantly higher in subjects with migraine (odds ratio=1.22, p=0.024) and migraine with aura (odds ratio=1.34, p=0.004). conclusion high leptin levels might play a role in the pathogenesis of migraine and migraine with aura.
overactive_bladder	introduction and hypothesisthe validity and reliability of measurement of urinary ngf as a diagnostic biomarker in women with lower urinary tract dysfunction (lutd) is uncertain. we aimed to evaluate both the diagnostic and discriminant validity, and the test-retest reliability of urinary ngf measurement in women with lutd. methodsurinary ngf was measured in women with lutd (n=205) and asymptomatic subjects (n=31). urinary ngf was assayed using an elisa method and normalized against urinary creatinine. ngf/creatinine ratios were compared between symptom subgroups using mann-whitney u test, and between different urodynamic diagnoses using the kruskal-wallis test. receiver operator characteristic (roc) analysis was employed to evaluate the diagnostic performance of urinary ngf. test-retest reliability of ngf measurement was assessed using intra-class correlation (icc). resultsurinary ngf was significantly but non-specifically increased in symptomatic patients when compared to controls (13.33 vs. 2.05ng ngf/g cr, p<0.001). on multivariate logistic regression ngf was a good predictor of patients having oab or not, however, the adjusted odds ratio only 1.006. roc analysis demonstrated poor discriminant ability between different symptomatic groups and urodynamic groups. using a cut off of 13.0ng ngf/g creatinine the test provides a sensitivity of 81%, but a specificity of only 39% for overactive bladder. the assays demonstrated good test-retest reliability with icc of 0.889. conclusionsalthough urinary ngf can be reliably assayed, and is increased in various lutds, it discriminates poorly between these disorders therefore has very limited potential as a biomarker. neurourol. urodynam. 35:944-948, 2016. (c) 2015 wiley periodicals, inc.
overactive_bladder	purpose: nocturia is common and bothersome in older adults, especially those who are also incontinent. since nocturnal polyuria is a major contributor, we examined factors associated with nocturnal polyuria in this population to identify those possibly amenable to intervention. materials and methods: we analyzed baseline data from 2 previously completed studies of urge urinary incontinence. the studies involved 284women (mean age +/- sd 72.9 +/- 7.9 years) who also completed 3-day voiding diaries. participants with a nocturnal polyuria index greater than 33% were categorized as having nocturnal polyuria (nocturnal polyuria index nocturnal urinary volume per 24hour urine volume). associations between nocturnal polyuria and various demographic, clinical and sleep related parameters were determined. results: overall 55% of the participants had nocturnal polyuria. multivariable regression analysis revealed that age, body mass index, use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor/angiotensin receptor blocker, time spent in bed and duration of first uninterrupted sleep were independent correlates of nocturnal polyuria. participants with a larger nocturnal excretion reported a shorter duration of uninterrupted sleep before first awakening to void and worse sleep quality despite spending similar time in bed. conclusions: body mass index, use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor/ angiotensin receptor blockers, time in bed and duration of uninterrupted sleep before first awakening to void are independently associated with nocturnal polyuria in older women with urge urinary incontinence, and are potentially modifiable. these findings also confirm the association between sleep and nocturnal polyuria. further studies should explore whether interventions to reduce nocturnal polyuria and/or increase the duration of uninterrupted sleep before first awakening to void would help to improve sleep quality in this population and thereby reduce or eliminate the need for sedative hypnotics.
overactive_bladder	to determine the efficacy of physiotherapy and behavior therapy and to find specific subgroups of women with overactive bladder syndrome that might gain increased benefit from this therapy. women with ae10 micturitions per 24-h period were included. six to nine therapy sessions were held within a 14-day interval. efficacy end point was a reduction in micturitions and in episodes of nocturia. secondary outcomes included iciq-oab, iciq-oabqol and visual analog scales. follow-up was 6 months. levene test, student 's t test, pearsona ' s and spearman 's correlations were utilized as well as the friedman test and a multivariable-multilevel model. 32 women were included. mean age was 51 +/- 15.9 (years +/- standard deviation, sd). mean body mass index (bmi) was 24.4 +/- 4.8 (kg/m(2) +/- sd). there was a 22.9% reduction in the number of micturitions per 24 h (11.7 +/- 1.6 vs. 9.0 +/- 1.3 p < 0.001), a 21.3% reduction during the day (10.3 +/- 1.4 vs. 8.1 +/- 1.1 p < 0.001) and a 34.7% reduction in episodes of nocturia (1.5 +/- 1.0 vs. 1.0 +/- 0.8 p = 0.026). both iciq-oab (8.7 +/- 2.3 vs. 5.8 +/- 2.7 vs. 6.3 +/- 3.3 p < 0.001) and iciq-oabqol (73.4 +/- 25.9 vs. 47.5 +/- 14.5 vs. 47.7 +/- 18.6 p < 0.001) questionnaires as well as vas (7.5 +/- 1.4 vs. 4.1 +/- 2.4 vs. 4.2 +/- 2.7 p < 0.001) showed significant improvement persisting in the 6-month follow-up. in addition, in a multivariable model controlling for age, women who were overactive bladder syndrome therapy na < ve responded significantly better than those who had already been under therapy (p < 0.001). this study shows the efficacy of physiotherapy and behavior therapy in women with overactive bladder syndrome with a post-therapy effect especially for women with no prior treatment.
overactive_bladder	to investigate the effect of solifenacin succinate on intraocular pressure (iop) and dry eye in patients with overactive bladder (oab). the study was conducted prospectively between october 2014 and november 2015. a total of 93 female oab patients with a mean age of 48.59 +/- 11.28 years (range 19-75 years) were evaluated. a full ophthalmic examination, including the schirmer i test and iop measurements, was conducted. solifenacin succinate (5 mg/day) was started orally. all procedures were repeated at the 4- and 12-week follow-up, and the effects and side effects were documented. no statistically significant difference was observed in iop (p = 0.282, p = 0.189) and tear secretion (p = 0.122, p = 0.071) values from the baseline (day 0) to the 12th week in oab patients using solifenacin succinate. solifenacin succinate treatment was terminated in 3 patients owing to dry eye in 1 patient, increased iop in 1 patient, and systemic side effects in 1 patient. constipation and dry mouth at various rates were the most common systemic side effects observed. solifenacin succinate is useful in eliminating oab symptoms in female patients, but can cause systemic side effects. it had no significant side effects on tear secretion (schirmer i) and iop. we concluded that solifenacin succinate could be reliably used in pure oab patients without comorbidity in terms of dry eye and iop. we believe that prospective studies with larger series are still needed to reach a definite conclusion.
overactive_bladder	moderate urinary dysfunctions including frequent urination and over reactive bladder are age-related deteriorating urinary condition and saw palmetto extract and pumpkin seed oil have been used for the prevention. in the course of evaluation of activities against urinary dysfunctions in edible fruits, we found that extract of seaberry (sbe) suppressed bladder constriction. in carbacol-induced constriction in rat bladder specimen, sbe (10 mu g/ml) significantly suppressed the constriction. sbe also suppressed tgf-beta-induced constriction of collagen gel containing bladder muscle cells. among the constituents in sbe, ursolic acid (1-100 m) and isorhamnetin 7-o-rhamunoside (10 mu m) significantly suppressed carbacol-induced bladder constriction. on the other hand, 3-o-coumaroyl 2,23-dihydroxy oleanolic acid, ursolic acid, uvaol, pomolic acid, oleanolic aldehyde and isorhamnetin 7-o-rhamnoside significantly suppressed tgf-beta-induced collagen gel constriction containing bladder muscle cells at 1 or 10 mu m. these results suggest that several triterpenoids and a flavonoid glycoside suppressed bladder constriction and sbe may contribute to suppression of urinary dysfunctions caused by overactive bladder. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	introduction: colorectal cancer remains the second leading cause of cancer death in the united states, and new strategies to prevent, detect, and treat the disease are needed. the receptor, guanylate cyclase c (gucy2c), a tumor suppressor expressed by the intestinal epithelium, has emerged as a promising target. areas covered: this review outlines the role of gucy2c in tumorigenesis, and steps to translate gucy2c-targeting schemes to the clinic. endogenous gucy2c-activating ligands disappear early in tumorigenesis, silencing its signaling axis and enabling transformation. pre-clinical models support gucy2c ligand supplementation as a novel disease prevention paradigm. with the recent fda approval of the gucy2c ligand, linaclotide, and two more synthetic ligands in the pipeline, this strategy can be tested in human trials. in addition to primary tumor prevention, we also review immunotherapies targeting gucy2c expressed by metastatic lesions, and platforms using gucy2c as a biomarker for detection and patient staging. expert commentary: results of the first gucy2c targeting schemes in patients will become available in the coming years. the identification of gucy2c ligand loss as a requirement for colorectal tumorigenesis has the potential to change the treatment paradigm from an irreversible disease of genetic mutation, to a treatable disease of ligand insufficiency.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	backgroundsleep disturbances are well-documented among persons with irritable bowel syndrome (ibs). difficulty in falling asleep, shorter sleep time, frequent arousal and awakenings, or non-restorative sleep are the most common manifestations. sleep disturbances are also related to a higher risk of having ibs. some researchers have provided evidence of a positive association between poorer subjective sleep quality and increased severity and frequency in gastrointestinal (gi) symptoms in those with ibs. however, findings from studies using objective sleep and activity measures, such as polysomnography and actigraphy, are inconclusive. purposethis systematic review of the literature between 1990 and 2015 evaluates the evidence of sleep disturbances in adults with ibs and their relationship with gi symptoms.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	gut microbiota is the largest organ of the human body. although growth of bacteria more than 10(5) colony forming unit (cfu) per milliliter in culture of upper gut aspirate is used to diagnosis small intestinal bacterial over-growth (sibo), 10(3) cfu or more is being considered to suggest the diag-nosis, particularly if colonic type bacteria are present in the upper gut. although neither very sensitive nor specific, hydrogen breath tests are widely used to diagnose sibo. rifaximin is the best treatment for sibo due to its broad spectrum, lack of systemic absorption, and safety profile.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	background: ""gluten-related disorders"" is a term that encompasses different diseases induced by the ingestion of gluten-containing food. because of their incidence the scientific community has been intensively studying them. aim: to support gastroenterologists with a correct nomenclature and diagnostic approach to gluten related disorders in adulthood. methods: the italian association of hospital gastroenterologists and endoscopists (aigo) commissioned a panel of experts to prepare a position statement clarifying the nomenclature and diagnosis of gluten related disorders, focusing on those of gastroenterological interest. each member was assigned a task and levels of evidence/recommendation have been proposed. results: the panel identified celiac disease, wheat allergy and non-celiac gluten sensitivity as the gluten related disorders of gastroenterological interest. celiac disease has an autoimmune nature, wheat allergy is ige-mediated while the pathogenesis of non-celiac gluten sensitivity is still unknown as is the case of non-ige mediated allergy. diagnosis should start with the serological screening for celiac disease and wheat allergy. in case of normal values, the response to a gluten-free diet should be evaluated and a confirmatory blind food challenge carried out. conclusions: gluten-related disorders are clinically heterogeneous. patients should be carefully managed and specific protocols applied for a correct differential diagnosis in gastroenterological setting. (c) 2016 editrice gastroenterologica italiana s.r.l. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	background: the detection of celiac disease (cd) is suboptimal. aims: we hypothesized that misdiagnosis is leading to diagnostic delays, and examine this assertion by determining if patients have increased risk of abdominal surgery before cd diagnosis. methods: through biopsy reports from sweden 's 28 pathology departments we identified all individuals with cd (marsh stage 3; n=29,096). using hospital-based data on inpatient and outpatient surgery recorded in the swedish patient register, we compared abdominal surgery (appendectomy, laparotomy, biliary tract surgery, and uterine surgery) with that in 144,522 controls matched for age, sex, county and calendar year. conditional logistic regression estimated odds ratios (ors). results: 4064 (14.0%) individuals with cd and 15,760 (10.9%) controls had a record of earlier abdominal surgery (or = 1.36, 95% ci = 1.31-1.42). risk estimates were highest in the first year after surgery (or = 2.00; 95% ci = 1.79-2.22). appendectomy, laparotomy, biliary tract surgery, and uterine surgery were all associated with having a later cd diagnosis. of note, abdominal surgery was also more common after cd diagnosis (hazard ratio =1.34; 95% ci = 1.29-1.39). conclusions: there is an increased risk of abdominal surgery both before and after cd diagnosis. surgical complications associated with cd may best explain these outcomes. medical nihilism and lack of cd awareness may be contributing to outcomes. (c) 2016 editrice gastroenterologica italiana s.r.l. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polycythemia_vera	polydatin (pd), a natural precursor of resveratrol, has a variety of biological activities, including anti-tumor effects. however, the underlying molecular mechanisms of the anti-cancer activity of pd has not been fully elucidated. the present study demonstrated that pd significantly inhibited the proliferation of the molt-4 leukemia cell line in a dose- and time-dependent manner by using cell counting kit-8 assay. pd also dose-dependently increased the apoptotic rate and caused cell cycle arrest in s phase in molt-4 cells, as revealed by flow cytometry. in addition, pd dose-dependently decreased the mitochondrial membrane potential and led to the generation of reactive oxygen species in molt-4 cells. western blot analysis revealed that the expression of anti-apoptotic protein b-cell lymphoma 2 ( bcl-2) was decreased, whereas that of pro-apoptotic protein bcl-2-associated x was increased by pd. furthermore, the expression of two cell cycle regulatory proteins, cyclin d1 and cyclin b1, was suppressed by pd. of note, the pro-apoptotic and cell cycle-inhibitory effects of pd were potentiated by janus kinase (jak2) inhibition. in conclusion, the results of the present study strongly suggested that pd is a promising therapeutic compound for the treatment of leukemia, particularly in combination with jak inhibitors.
polycythemia_vera	chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (cmml) is a unique disease entity with overlap components of both myelodysplastic syndrome and myeloproliferative neoplasms. cmml is a clonal hematopoietic stem cell neoplasm characterized by monocytosis, cytopenias, and extramedullary manifestations such as splenomegaly. the disease is rare and has undergone revisions in its classification. we review the recent classification strategies as well as diagnostic criteria, focusing on the new insights into the genetic alterations and unique pathophysiology of the disease. we also discuss the latest molecular characterization of the disease, including how molecular factors affect current prognostic models. finally, we focus on available treatment strategies, with a special emphasis on experimental and forthcoming therapies. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polycythemia_vera	although bcr-abl negative myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpn) - and especially myelofibrosis (mf) - are recognized to be associated with autoimmune phenomena, immune derangements in mpn have been much less studied. myeloid -derived suppressor cells (mdsc) are one type of important immune modulator cell. therefore, we studied mdscs in mpn disease. mdscs were studied in two cohorts: the first cohort was 55 patients including 16 primary myelofibrosis (pmf), 7 post-polycythemia vera (pv)mf, 2 post-essential thrombocythemia (et)-mf, 11 et, 17 pv, 2 undefined mpn disorder, and 23 normal controls; the second cohort included 38 patients: 17 et, 7 pmf, 3 et-mf, 2 pv-mf, 9 pv patients, and 20 normal volunteers. the second cohort was studied using freshly collected specimens and a comparable age group as controls. cd11b(+), cd14(-), and cd33(+) cells were defined as mdscs in both cohorts by flow cytometry. since there are no differences in mdsc levels among different mpn categories, they were grouped as mpns. the results showed that mdscs were significantly elevated in mpns compared with controls in both cohorts. we also performed rt-pcr and found that mpn patients have significantly elevated arginase-1 mrna compared with controls, and sorted mdscs were found to have suppressor t cell activity in mpns, substantiating the hypothesis that levels of mdscs are, in fact, deranged in mpns. mdsc levels were not correlated with jak2 status, white blood cells, hb levels, platelet counts, splenomegaly, or the degree of bone marrow fibrosis (in mf). further studies in immune therapy involving mdsc inhibitors or differentiation may be developed to treat mpn disease. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polycythemia_vera	we describe 2 cases of skeletal ""superscan"" with f-18-choline pet/ct in prostate cancer (pca) patients. both cases demonstrated diffuse skeletal involvement besides their primary prostate tumor. the first impression was that this presentation would be related to diffuse tumoral skeletal invasion by pca as often seen in tc-99m-mdp bone scintigraphy. in both cases, the bone involvement was shown to be caused by hematological disease (polycythemia vera and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia), demonstrating the importance of also considering the presence of myeloproliferative syndromes when presented with diffuse bone disease on choline pet/ct performed in pca patients.
polycythemia_vera	the discovery of jak2 v617f mutation in the mid-2000s started to fill the gap between clinical presentation of polycythemia vera (pv), first described by vaquez at the end of the 19th century, and spontaneous erythroid colony formation, reported by prchal and axelrad in the mid-1970s. the knowledge on this mutation brought an important insight to our understanding of pv pathogenesis and led to a revision of the world health organization diagnostic criteria in 2008. jak-stat is a major signaling pathway implicated in survival and proliferation of hematopoietic precursors. high prevalence of jak2 v617f mutation among myeloproliferative neoplasms (>95% in pv and similar to 50% in primary myelofibrosis and essential thrombocythemia) together with its role in constitutively activating jak-stat made jak2 a privileged therapeutic target. ruxolitinib, a jak 1 and 2 inhibitor, has already proven to be efficient in relieving symptoms in primary myelofibrosis and pv. in the latter, it also appears to improve microvascular involvement. however, evidence regarding its potential role in altering the natural course of pv and its use as an adjunct to current standard therapies is sparse. therapeutic advances are needed in pv as phlebotomy, low-dose aspirin, cytoreductive agents, and interferon alpha are the only therapeutic tools available at the moment to influence outcome. even though several questions are still unanswered, this review aims to serve as an overview article of the potential role of ruxolitinib in pv according to current literature and expert opinion. it should help hematologists to visualize the place of this tyrosine kinase inhibitor in the field of current practice and offer criteria for a careful patient selection.
atrial_fibrillation	atrial fibrillation (af) is an increasing burden worldwide. however, af prevention has not been emphasized enough in clinical practice or guidelines. in this paper, the authors review the associations of modifiable lifestyle factors, including alcohol abuse, smoking, physical inactivity, and unhealthy psychological stress, with the risk for af development. the authors also review the associations of cardiovascular risk factors that can be bettermanaged, including obesity and overweight, high blood pressure, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, and other cardiovascular diseases, with the risk for af. the conclusion is that a high proportion of af can be prevented by combining strategies, focusing on the high-risk population for better risk factor management, and emphasizing healthy lifestyle choices in the whole population. (j am coll cardiol 2017; 69: 1968-82) (c) 2017 published by elsevier on behalf of the american college of cardiology foundation.
atrial_fibrillation	background: direct oral anticoagulants (doacs) share many indications with warfarin but require less frequent follow-up and monitoring. there is limited data available on the prescribing of doacs and appropriate laboratory monitoring in a real-world clinical setting. objective: to determine if patients receiving care at 2 university of florida (uf) health internal medicine clinics are prescribed doacs according to food and drug administration (fda)-approved labeling. secondary objectives were to determine the percentage of patients receiving appropriate baseline laboratory tests prior to doac initiation and the frequency of laboratory monitoring. methods: this retrospective chart review evaluated patients enrolled at 2 uf health internal medicine practices within the uf health system who were prescribed a doac between april 2014 and april 2015. adherence to fda-approved dosing recommendations and baseline laboratory tests were compared to previously published data. this study was approved by the uf institutional review board. results: a total of 194 patients met inclusion criteria. ninety-six patients (49.5%) were on a doac prior to data collection; 98 patients (50.5%) started a doac during data collection. of the 194 patients, 155 (79.9%) were prescribed doacs per fda-approved labeling (p = .0005); 79 (40.8%) obtained a complete blood count, serum creatinine, and liver function tests prior to doac initiation. conclusions: prescribing practices were significantly better than published data; however, 1 in 5 patients were not prescribed a doac according to fda-approved labeling. less than half of the patients started on a doac obtained the recommended labs prior to medication initiation.
atrial_fibrillation	background: efficacy of catheter ablation (ca) of asymptomatic persistent atrial fibrillation (af) remains unclear. we assessed the quality of life (qol), exercise performance (ep), and plasma b-type natriuretic peptide (bnp) levels following ca in patients with asymptomatic af. methods and results: we enrolled 34 patients with asymptomatic persistent af. qol, was assessed by 2 questionnaires: the short form-36 (sf-36) and a qol questionnaire specific for af (afqlq). the qol, ep, and plasma bnp level were examined before and 6 months after ca. in the sf-36 survey 5 of 8 components and all 3 subsets of the afqlq significantly improved in the patients without recurrences (30 patients, 88%), but there were no differences in those with recurrences. in patients without recurrences, there was an increase in the metabolic equivalents of task (10.2 +/- 2.3 vs. 11.6 +/- 2.3 mets, p< 0.0001), duration of maximal exercise (476 +/- 144 vs. 605 +/- 143 s, p< 0.0001), and plasma bnp decrease (146.6 +/- 124.3 vs. 33.8 +/- 35.6 pg/dl, p< 0.0001), with a linear correlation in the increased duration of exercise and plasma bnp decrease (r= 0.620, p< 0.0001). conclusions: maintenance of sinus rhythm after successful ca improved the qol, ep, and plasma bnp level in patients with asymptomatic persistent af. ca may be primarily applicable in such patients with previously unrecognized impairment in their qol and ep.
atrial_fibrillation	background there is a paucity of evidence regarding the effects of non-vitamin k antagonist oral anticoagulants (noacs) in underweight patients with atrial fibrillation (af). objective the purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of noacs in underweight af patients. methods we analyzed 1353 af patients who were prescribed noacs according to their body mass index (bmi): underweight (uw: n = 62, bmi25.0 kg/m2). we analyzed the association between clinical outcomes and bmi. results during the median 7 months (interquartile range 3-10 months) of follow-up, there were 29 major bleeding events, 11 thromboembolic events, and 15 deaths. the risks of major bleeding and all-cause death were significantly higher in the uw group compared to the nw group (adjusted hazard ratio [hr] 4.135, 950/0 confidence interval [ci] 1.442-11.854, p =.008; adjusted hr 10.524, 95% ci 2.949-37.561, p < .001) and the ow group (adjusted hr 5.352, 95% ci 1.597-17.935, p = .007; adjusted hr 11.385, 95% ci 2.523-51.386, p = .002). however, there was no significant difference in the risk of thromboembolism among these groups. conclusion in af patients taking noacs, being underweight was associated with an increased risk of major bleeding and all-cause death compared with being normal weight or overweight to obese, whereas the risk of thromboembolism was not different. dose reduction should be considered in underweight patients who are at high risk for bleeding.
atrial_fibrillation	purpose of review transcatheter aortic valve replacement (tavr) has developed into an important alternative to surgical aortic valve replacement (savr) for patients with severe aortic stenosis (as). adjuvant antithrombotic therapies are commonly used during and after tavr to decrease the risk of valve thrombosis and thromboembolic cerebrovascular events (cves) but consequently increase the risk of bleeding. this article reviews the past and current clinical data regarding adjuvant antithrombotic therapies in tavr. recent findings cerebrovascular and bleeding events during and after tavr are associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. bivalirudin, a direct thrombin inhibitor, has been shown to be safe alternative to unfractionated heparin (ufh) as procedural anticoagulation during tavr; however, sparse evidence exists to guide use of antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapies in patients after tavr. multiple studies comparing different antithrombotic regimens in the post-tavr setting are currently underway. summary current guidelines recommend intra-procedural anticoagulation with ufh for during tavr and with dual antiplatelet therapy (dapt) after tavr. there is a need to better understand the role of adjuvant antithrombotic therapies in tavr. the results of ongoing studies are needed to develop evidence-based guidance for the use of adjuvant antithrombotic therapies after tavr.
smoking_cessation	electronic cigarettes (ecigs) use electricity to power a heating element that aerosolizes a liquid containing solvents, flavorants, and the dependence-producing drug nicotine for user inhalation. ecigs have evolved rapidly in the past 8 years, and the changes in product design and liquid constituents affect the resulting toxicant yield in the aerosol and delivery to the user. this rapid evolution has been accompanied by dramatic increases in ecig use prevalence in many countries among adults and, especially, adolescents in the united states. the increased prevalence of ecigs that deliver nicotine and other toxicants to users' lungs drives a rapidly growing research effort. this review highlights the most recent information regarding the design of ecigs and their liquid and aerosol constituents, the epidemiology of ecig use among adolescents and adults (including correlates of ecig use), and preclinical and clinical research regarding ecig effects. the current literature suggests a strong rationale for an empirical regulatory approach toward ecigs that balances any potential ecig-mediated decreases in health risks for smokers who use them as substitutes for tobacco cigarettes against any increased risks for nonsmokers who may be attracted to them.
smoking_cessation	objective: interventions are required to redress the disproportionate tobacco-related health burden experienced by persons with a mental illness. this study aimed to assess the efficacy of a universal smoking cessation intervention initiated within an acute psychiatric inpatient setting and continued post-discharge in reducing smoking prevalence and increasing quitting behaviours. method: a randomised controlled trial was undertaken across four psychiatric inpatient facilities in australia. participants (n = 754) were randomised to receive either usual care (n = 375) or an intervention comprising a brief motivational interview and self-help material while in hospital, followed by a 4-month pharmacological and psychosocial intervention (n=379) upon discharge. primary outcomes assessed at 6 and 12 months post-discharge were 7-day point prevalence and 1-month prolonged smoking abstinence. a number of secondary smoking-related outcomes were also assessed. subgroup analyses were conducted based on psychiatric diagnosis, baseline readiness to quit and nicotine dependence. results: seven-day point prevalence abstinence was higher for intervention participants (15.8%) than controls (9.3%) at 6 months post-discharge (odds ratio= 1.07, p=0.04), but not at 12 months (13.4% and 10.0%, respectively; odds ratio = 1.03, p = 0.25). significant intervention effects were not found on measures of prolonged abstinence at either 6 or 12 months post-discharge. differential intervention effects for the primary outcomes were not detected for any subgroups. at both 6 and 12 months post-discharge, intervention group participants were significantly more likely to smoke fewer cigarettes per day, have reduced cigarette consumption by and to have made at least one quit attempt, relative to controls. conclusions: universal smoking cessation treatment initiated in inpatient psychiatry and continued post-discharge was efficacious in increasing 7-day point prevalence smoking cessation rates and related quitting behaviours at 6 months post discharge, with sustained effects on quitting behaviour at 12 months. further research is required to identify strategies for achieving longer term smoking cessation.
smoking_cessation	several studies and meta-analyses have demonstrated the efficacy of combination nicotine replacement therapy (nrt) for patients who wish to quit smoking. however, there is limited guidance with respect to initiation and tapering of combination nrt. weattempt to review the evidence and rationale behind combination nrt, present the dosing used in combination nrt studies, and propose a step-down approach for tapering of combination nrt with integration of behavioral strategies. (c) 2017 published by elsevier inc.
smoking_cessation	purpose. evaluate the perceived effectiveness of key antismoking messages among highly disadvantaged smokers and assess the impact of nicotine dependence and cessation cognitions on message processing. design. the experimental crossover trial, undertaken between march and december 2012, randomly exposed participants to two of three antismoking advertisements delivered via touchscreen computer. setting. welfare recipients were recruited from a community service organization in new south wales, australia. subjects. subjects were 354 smokers (79% response rate). participants resided in government rental housing (52%), earned less than aud$400/wk (72%), and received their primary income from government welfare (95%). intervention. three 30-second antismoking television advertisements representing common campaign themes: why to quit (graphic imagery), why to quit (personal testimonial), or how to quit. measures. an 11-item scale assessed perceived effectiveness and message acceptance. an eight-item cessation cognitions index assessed motivations and readiness to quit, and the heaviness of smoking index was used to classify nicotine dependence. analysis. descriptive statistics, generalized linear mixed models, and multiple linear regression analyses are reported. results. why-to-quit advertisements were perceived as significantly more effective than the how-to-quit advertisement (all p < .0001). smokers with positive cessation cognitions were more likely to accept antismoking messages (p = .0003) and perceive them as effective (p < .0001). nicotine dependence level did not influence message acceptance (p = .7322) or effectiveness (p = .8872). conclusion. highly emotive advertisements providing good reasons to quit may be the most effective in promoting the antismoking message among groups with high smoking rates.
smoking_cessation	perinatal smoking is associated with a wide range of negative reproductive and pregnancy outcomes. the aim of the current study was to examine the prevalence and characteristics of women who report smoking prenatally and quit during pregnancy in a large sample of romanian women. understanding which women are more likely to quit will contribute to public health knowledge that will help more women stop smoking prior to or during pregnancy and prevent relapse postpartum. this cross-sectional analysis was conducted based on cross-sectional data collected between may 2012 and april 2015 as part of a cohort study of pregnancy implemented in six clinical settings in central romania (n = 2370). approximately 28 % of the sample reported smoking in the 6 months prior to learning they were pregnant. half of the women who reported smoking 6 months before learning of their pregnancy, also reported that they stopped smoking by the time of the interview. overall, tobacco consumption decreased from a sample mode of 10 cigarettes/day (range: 1-30) before pregnancy, to a sample mode of 5 cigarettes/day (range: 1-25) at the time of the interview. women who quit had a higher socioeconomic position, were more likely to live in urban areas, partnered, primigravid, nulliparous, and reported lower anxiety and more social support. the combination of a socioeconomic gradient, less anxiety, and more social support suggests that efforts should be increased to target lower income, less educated, multigravid, and multiparous women and to develop programs that heighten social support and alleviate anxiety.
lymphoma	a known hiv-1-positive intravenous drug user was found to be human t cell lymphoma/leukemia virus-ii (htlv-ii) dna positive by polymerase chain reaction but seronegative in a screening elisa. he was consistently dna positive but took 2 years to fully seroconvert. sequencing of the htlv-ii strain in his cultured t lymphocytes indicated that it is a prototypical type a strain with no major differences in the long terminal repeat dna sequence, nor major amino acid differences in the gag, env, tax, and rex proteins. however, a mutation in its pol gene created a stop codon at amino acid 543 of the pol protein, a region that encodes for the rnase function. this mutation may account for the subject 's slow seroconversion.
lymphoma	aims: to characterize the clinicopathological and genetic features of pleomorphic mantle cell lymphoma (pmcl), which morphologically mimics diffuse large b cell lymphoma (dlbcl). methods and results: we screened systematically 500 b cell lymphomas morphologically compatible with dlbcl using an immunohistochemical algorithm of three markers (cd5, cyclin d1 and sox11). ten cases of pmcl were identified for further study and, surprisingly, four (40%) of them were cyclin d1-negative. these 10 patients were mainly elderly males with advanced disease, and their median survival was only 11 months. all cyclin d1-positive pmcls tested showed an igh-ccnd1 translocation, whereas one of the four cyclin d1-negative pmcls had a translocation involving ccnd2 and a high ccnd2 mrna level (p < 0.000001). the genomewide copy number profiles of both cyclin d1-positive and cyclin d1negative pmcls were similar to those of classical mantle cell lymphoma (mcl) reported previously, confirming the diagnosis. secondary genetic alterations involved in oncogenic pathways of mcl were observed more frequently in these pmcls, possibly decreasing the dependence on the driving ccnd1 translocation and accounting for the common cyclin d1 negativity. copy number gains of pik3ca and ccdc50 were detected in all cyclin d1-negative pmcls but in only 40% of the cyclin d1-positive pmcls. these additional oncogenic signals may compensate for the common absence of ccnd2 translocation in cyclin d1-negative pmcl. conclusion: we demonstrate for the first time that cyclin d1 negativity is surprisingly common in pmcl morphologically mimicking dlbcl, and the use of a simple immunohistochemical algorithm can prevent misclassification and inappropriate treatment.
lymphoma	allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-sct) is a therapeutic option for relapsed, advanced, and otherwise incurable non-hodgkin 's lymphomas (nhl) suggested by the existence of a graft-versus-lymphoma effect. the main complications are graft-versus-host disease and infections. we performed a retrospective analysis of patients with nhl, who received an allo-sct between january 1995 and december 2014. the parameters that had an impact on overall survival were age aecurrency60 years old, chemosensitive disease pre-allo-sct, and indolent nhl histology. the parameters that had an impact on progression-free survival were age aecurrency60 years old and chemosensitive disease pre-allo-sct. only aggressive nhl histology and refractory disease pre-allo-sct showed an increased risk of death in the multivariate model. the use of allo-sct for young patients with multiple relapsed chemosensitive indolent nhl is a suitable option. despite poor prognosis, young aggressive nhl patients can be considered for allo-sct provided they have chemosensitive disease.
lymphoma	antibody-drug conjugates (adcs) comprise an antibody, a linker, and a drug or payload. the selection of a tumor-specific antibody and development of a linker having an efficient controlled drug release (cdr) are critical steps in developing a fully functional and effective adc. in our research strategy, molecular imaging technologies have been employed to evaluate the efficiency of antibody delivery and cdr of the linker. in preclinical setting, antibody delivery into the tumor area or antibody penetration through the tumor stroma in malignant lymphoma or pancreatic tumor was evaluated by in vivo fluorescence imaging technique. positron emission tomography (pet) imaging studies were conducted using zr-89-labeled antibody to evaluate tumor targeting in a spontaneous carcinogenesis model. the model had dense stroma and was pathophysiologically very similar to human cancer. the drug imaging system, using microscopic mass spectroscopy (mms) with enhanced resolution and sensitivity, was used for the evaluation of cdr. paclitaxel (ptx)-incorporated micelle, a high-molecular-weight (hmw) carrier with cdr, showing similar properties as those of adc, was analyzed. in contrast to free ptx, micelle selectively increased drug accumulation into the tumor and reduced toxicity in normal tissues by the enhanced permeability and retention (epr) effect. our drug imaging system has been used recently to evaluate the cdr of the adc-linker. we present our work on the development of adc using a molecular imaging technique.
lymphoma	the last few years have seen the identification of pharmacologic approaches to target bromodomain and extraterminal (bet) proteins for cancer treatment. these proteins have an essential role in gene transcription regulation by binding acetylated lysine residues on histone tails, activating gene transcription. bet inhibitors have been tested in preclinical models including pediatric malignancies and several adult clinical trials are ongoing. since the development of new drugs in pediatric cancer has long lagged behind programs for adults, the aim of this review is to show the importance of these therapies in pediatric malignancies to support their development in pediatric oncology/hematology.
asthma	ion channels/pumps are essential regulators of organ homeostasis and disease. in the present review, we discuss the role of the mechanosensitive cation channel, transient receptor potential vanilloid 4 (trpv4), in cytokine secretion and pulmonary inflammatory diseases such as asthma, cystic fibrosis (cf), and acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards). trpv4 has been shown to play a role in lung diseases associated with lung parenchymal stretch or stiffness. trpv4 indirectly mediates hypotonicity-induced smooth muscle contraction and airway remodeling in asthma. further, the literature suggests that in cf trpv4 may improve ciliary beat frequency enhancing mucociliary clearance, while at the same time increasing pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion/lung tissue injury. currently it is understood that the role of trpv4 in immune cell function and associated lung tissue injury/ards may depend on the injury stimulus. uncovering the downstream mechanisms of trpv4 action in pulmonary inflammatory diseases is likely important to understanding disease pathogenesis and may lead to novel therapeutics.
asthma	patients with severe asthma represent a minority of the total asthma population, but carry a majority of the morbidity and healthcare costs. achieving better asthma control in this group of patients is therefore of key importance. systematic assessment of patients with possible severe asthma to identify treatment barriers and triggers of asthma symptoms, including co-morbidities, improves asthma control and reduces healthcare costs and is recommended by international guidelines on management of severe asthma. this review provides the clinician with an overview of the prevalence and clinical impact of the most common co-morbidities in severe asthma, including chronic rhinosinusitis, nasal polyposis, allergic rhinitis, dysfunctional breathing, vocal cord dysfunction, anxiety and depression, obesity, obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (osas), gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd), bronchiectasis, allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (abpa) and eosinophilic granulomatous with polyangiitis (egpa). furthermore, the review offers a summary of recommended diagnostic and management approaches for each co-morbidity. finally, the review links co-morbid conditions to specific phenotypes of severe asthma, in order to guide the clinician on which co-morbidities to look for in specific patients.
asthma	recently, we developed a computer-adaptive test (cat) for assessing health-related quality of life (hrqol) in children and adolescents: the kids-cat. it measures five generic hrqol dimensions. the aims of this article were (1) to present the study design and (2) to investigate its psychometric properties in a clinical setting. the kids-cat study is a longitudinal prospective study with eight measurements over one year at two university medical centers in germany. for validating the kids-cat, 270 consecutive 7- to 17-year-old patients with asthma (n = 52), diabetes (n = 182) or juvenile arthritis (n = 36) answered well-established hrqol instruments (pediatric quality of life inventory (tm) (pedsql), kidscreen-27) and scales measuring related constructs (e.g., social support, self-efficacy). measurement precision, test-retest reliability, convergent and discriminant validity were investigated. the mean standard error of measurement ranged between .38 and .49 for the five dimensions, which equals a reliability between .86 and .76, respectively. the kids-cat measured most reliably in the lower hrqol range. convergent validity was supported by moderate to high correlations of the kids-cat dimensions with corresponding pedsql dimensions ranging between .52 and .72. a lower correlation was found between the social dimensions of both instruments. discriminant validity was confirmed by lower correlations with non-corresponding subscales of the pedsql. the kids-cat measures pediatric hrqol reliably, particularly in lower areas of hrqol. its test-retest reliability should be re-investigated in future studies. the validity of the instrument was demonstrated. overall, results suggest that the kids-cat is a promising candidate for detecting psychosocial needs in chronically ill children.
asthma	introduction: asthma control includes the control of symptoms and future risk. we sought to evaluate the usefulness of the degree of spirometric reversibility of the forced expiratory volume in one second (fev1) as the target parameter of control. methodology: patients with bronchial asthma were followed up for one year. the clinical, functional, inflammatory and control parameters of the asthma were collected. the area under the curve (auc) was estimated to establish the cutoff point of the post-bronchodilator fev1 reversibility in relation to noncontrol asthma. in the univariate analysis, the differences between groups were studied based on the degree of estimated reversibility. factors with a significance= 10% (sensitivity: 65.8%, specificity: 48.4%, positive predictive value: 69.5%, and auc: 0.619 [0.533-0.700], p= 10), an increased use of relief medication was observed, along with a significantly progressive drop in post- bronchodilator fev1 and post-bronchodilator fev1/fvc (forced expiratory volume in one second/forced vital capacity). conclusions: spirometric reversibility can be useful in assessing control in asthmatic patients and can predict future risk parameters. the cutoff point related to the non-control of asthma found in our work was >= 10%. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
asthma	a decreased responsiveness of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis to stress stimuli in patients with atopy is well documented. the aim of this study was to investigate personality traits, salivary alpha amylase activity and the aldosterone response to psychosocial stress procedure based on public speech in atopic patients with respect to sex and the menstrual cycle (mc) phase. the study was performed in 106 subjects of both sexes, 53 atopic patients suffering from allergic rhinitis, allergic asthma or atopic dermatitis and 53 age-, sex-, the mc phase- and bmi- matched healthy controls. substantially attenuated activity of alpha-amylase and reduced secretion of aldosterone during the psychosocial stress were observed in the whole sample of patients with atopy. higher activity of alpha-amylase observed in the follicular compared to the luteal phase in healthy women was not present in atopic patients. in both males and females, atopy was associated with blunted cortisol response but no changes in the heart rate. psychological characterization revealed a significantly higher trait anxiety and higher preference for avoidance-oriented coping strategy in female but not male atopic patients. these findings provide evidence that patients with atopy exhibit insufficient alpha-amylase and aldosterone responsiveness to psychosocial stress, thus suggesting decreased sympathetic activity. potential disturbances in sex hormone status during the mc in female patients with atopy have to be considered in future research. changes in personality traits were demonstrated in female atopic patients, but not in male patients. (c) 2017 published by elsevier ltd.
bipolar_disorder	background: bipolar patients show high intra-individual variability during cognitive processing. however, it is not known whether there are a specific fluctuations of variability contributing to the overall high cognitive inconsistency. the objective was to compare dynamic profiles of patients and healthy controls to identify hypothetical differences and their associations with overall variability and processing speed. methods: changes of reaction times isd during processing speed test performance over time was measured by dividing the isd for whole task into four consecutive parts. motor speed and cognitive effort were controlled. results: patients with bd exhibited significantly lower results regarding processing speed and higher intraindividual variability comparing with hc. the profile of intra-individual variability changes over time of performance was significantly different in bd versus hc groups: f(3, 207)=8.60, p < 0.0001, eta rho(2)=0.11. isd of bd patients in the initial phase of performance was three times higher than in the last. there was no significant differences between four intervals in hc group. inter-group difference in the initial part of the profiles was significant also after controlling for several cognitive and clinical variables. limitations: applied computer version of cognitive speed test was relatively new and, thus, replication studies are needed. effect seen in the present study is driven mainly by the bd type i. conclusions: patients with bd exhibits problems with setting a stimulus-response association in starting phase of cognitive processing. this deficit may negatively interfere with the other cognitive functions, decreasing level of psychosocial functioning, therefore should be explored in future studies.
bipolar_disorder	background: sociodemographic factors, alcohol and drug intake, and maternal health are known to be associated with adverse outcomes in pregnancy for women with severe mental illness in addition to their use of psychotropic medication. in this study, we describe the demographic characteristics of women hospitalized for severe mental illness along with their use of medication and other drugs during the pregnancy period. methods: a clinical case note review of women with psychosis who were hospitalized at the state psychiatric hospital in western australia during 1966-1996, gave birth between 1980 and 1992, and received psychiatric treatment during the pregnancy period. the mother 's clinical information was available from the case notes and the midwives record. the demographic characteristics of the mothers were described together with their hospitalization pattern and their medication and substance use during the pregnancy period. results: a total of 428 mothers with a history of severe mental illness were identified who gave birth during 1980-1992. of these, 164 mothers received psychiatric care during the pregnancy period. one hundred thirty-two had taken psychotropic medication during this period. mothers who were married, of aboriginal status or living in regional and remote areas appeared less likely to be hospitalized during the pregnancy period, while older mothers and those with a diagnosis of schizophrenia were more likely to be hospitalized. the number of mothers taking psychotropic medication in the first trimester of pregnancy was reduced compared to the previous 6 months. the decline in the number taking substances over the same period was not significant. in all, 16% of the women attempted suicide during the pregnancy period and 10% non-suicidal self-injury. conclusion: the women demonstrate a pattern of decreased use of psychotropic medication use from the period before pregnancy to the first trimester of pregnancy. our data highlight the importance of women with severe mental illness receiving regular ongoing monitoring and support from their psychiatrist during pregnancy regarding the level of medication required as well as counseling with regard to substance use, non-suicidal self-injury, and attempted suicide.
bipolar_disorder	backgrounda small body of research suggests that gene-environment interactions play an important role in the development of bipolar disorder. the aim of the present study is to contribute to this work by exploring the relationship between stressful life events and the catechol-o-methyl-transferase (comt) val(158)met polymorphism in bipolar disorder. methodsfour hundred eighty-two bipolar cases and 205 psychiatrically healthy controls completed the list of threatening experiences questionnaire. bipolar cases reported the events experienced 6 months before their worst depressive and manic episodes; controls reported those events experienced 6 months prior to their interview. the genotypic information for the comt val(158)met variant (rs4680) was extracted from gwas analysis of the sample. resultsthe impact of stressful life events was moderated by the comt genotype for the worst depressive episode using a val dominant model (adjusted risk difference = 0.09, 95% confidence intervals = 0.003-0.18, p = .04). for the worst manic episodes no significant interactions between comt and stressful life events were detected. conclusionsthis is the first study to explore the relationship between stressful life events and the comt val(158)met polymorphism focusing solely on bipolar disorder. the results of this study highlight the importance of the interplay between genetic and environmental factors for bipolar depression.
bipolar_disorder	previous association studies have shown mixed results between glutamic acid decarboxylase like-1 (gadl1) gene polymorphism and prophylactic lithium response in bipolar disorder (bd) patients. in the present study, gadl1 gene expression was investigated in regard to lithium response, using alda scale, in lyntphoblastoid cells (lcls) of 36 caucasian bd patients. no difference in gadl1 expression was observed among lcls from excellent-responders, non-responders or controls. furthermore, lithium did not induce significant changes in gadl1 expression levels after 4 or 8 days. these results did not support an association of gadl1 expression in the determination of a lithium response in bd patients.
bipolar_disorder	backgroundmany mood disorder patients need analgesics due to increased pain sensitivity. recent studies have suggested that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids) may inhibit antidepressant treatment, which requires replication before clinical recommendations. methodsthe clinical and health outcomes initiatives in comparative effectiveness for bipolar disorder study randomized participants to 6 months lithium or quetiapine treatment. use of nsaids and paracetamol was assessed throughout the study period and psychopathology measured with the clinical global impression scale for bipolar disorder (cgi-bp) and bipolar inventory of symptoms scale (biss). the effects of nsaids and paracetamol on treatment outcome were examined using mixed effects linear regression adjusted for age, gender, body mass index, smoking status, exercise, and somatic diseases. resultsamong 482 participants, 177 (36.7%) used nsaids and/or paracetamol during the study. nsaid and paracetamol users did not differ from nonusers with respect to treatment outcome with lithium or quetiapine at any time point during 6 months treatment on the overall cgi-bp ( = 0.001 (95% ci = -0.01 to -0.01), p = .87), the biss ( = 0.01 (95% ci = -0.17 to 0.15), p = .91), nor the cgi-bp subscales for depression or mania. users of nsaids only (n = 76), paracetamol only (n = 62), and users of both nsaids and paracetamol (n = 39) showed no statistical difference compared to nonusers (all p >.3). conclusionsthis is the first trial to show that use of nsaids and paracetamol, alone or in combination, does not affect lithium- or quetiapine-based bipolar disorder mood-stabilizing treatment outcomes. prior studies have suggested that nsaids may inhibit antidepressant treatment, whereas our results support findings indicating no detrimental effects of nsaids or paracetamol on affective disorder treatment.
crohn's_disease	inflammatory bowel diseases are chronic conditions of unknown etiology, showing a growing incidence and prevalence in several countries, including italy. although the etiology of crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis is unknown, due to the current knowledge regarding their pathogenesis, effective treatment strategies have been developed. several guidelines are available regarding the efficacy and safety of available drug treatments for inflammatory bowel diseases. nevertheless, national guidelines provide additional information adapted to local feasibility, costs and legal issues related to the use of the same drugs. these observations prompted the italian group for the study of inflammatory bowel disease (ig-ibd) to establish italian guidelines on the safety of currently available treatments for crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis. these guidelines discuss the use of aminosalicylates, systemic and low bioavailability corticosteroids, antibiotics (metronidazole, ciprofloxacin, rifaximin), thiopurines, methotrexate, cyclosporine a, tnf alpha antagonists, vedolizumab, and combination therapies. these guidelines are based on current knowledge derived from evidence-based medicine coupled with clinical experience of a national working group. (c) 2017 editrice gastroenterologica italiana s.r.l. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
crohn's_disease	methotrexate is an efficacious immunosuppressant for induction and maintenance of remission in crohn 's disease. the goal of this pilot study was to determine whether total or individual methotrexate glutamate levels (mtxglu(n)) in red blood cells correlate with disease activity and adverse events in crohn 's disease. a cross-sectional study was undertaken with 12 patients on a stable dose of 25 mg weekly methotrexate (oral or subcutaneous). clinical disease activity was assessed by the harvey-bradshaw index (hbi), and biologic disease activity was measured by inflammatory markers. concentrations of individual mtxglu(n) levels were measured in red blood cells (rbcs) using high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. no association was observed between rbc individual (mtxglu(n)) or total methotrexate glutamate concentrations and clinical disease activity (hbi score) or inflammatory markers or adverse events. although crohn 's disease patients in remission appeared to generally have higher rbc total longer-chain methotrexate polyglutamate (mtxglu(3+4+5)) concentrations compared with those with active disease, a definitive association between rbc mtxglu(3+4+5) levels and clinical disease activity could not be established. larger longitudinal studies in patients with diverse disease activity are needed to establish the value of mtxglu(n) levels as indicators of treatment efficacy and clinical outcome.
crohn's_disease	background: individual studies have demonstrated the potential of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (dwi-mri) for identifying inflamed bowel segments. however, these studies were conducted with rather small patient cohorts and in most cases by means of mr enterography only. purpose: to demonstrate the feasibility of detecting inflamed bowel segments in a large collective of patients with crohn 's disease using dwi in mr enteroclysis and mr enterography and to compare the results of both techniques, also considering clinical parameters by means of the harvey-bradshaw index (hbi). material and methods: ninety-six patients underwent mri enteroclysis and 35 patients mr enterography, both with additional dwi. the hbi as well as apparent diffusion coefficients (adc) in areas of inflamed and normal bowel wall were determined. thus resulting in 208 bowel segments that were visualized and subsequently statistically analyzed. results: there were no significant differences in adc values in mr enteroclysis and mr enterography (p = 0.383 in inflammation, p = 0.223 in normal wall). areas of inflammation showed statistically highly significant lower adc values than areas of normal bowel wall (p < 0.001). an adc threshold of 1.56 x 10(-3) mm(2)/s can distinguish between normal and inflamed bowel segments with a sensitivity of 97.4% and a specificity of 99.2%. a highly significant correlation could be shown between adc and hbi values (p = 0.001). conclusion: dwi-mri facilitates recognition of inflamed bowel segments in patients with crohn 's disease and the adc values show an excellent correlation to the hbi. there were no significant differences in adc values in mr enteroclysis and mr enterography. an adc threshold of 1.56 x 10(-3) mm(2)/s differentiates between normal and inflamed bowel wall.
crohn's_disease	aim to study the association between vitamin d level and hospitalization rate in crohn 's disease (cd) patients. methods we designed a retrospective cohort study using adult patients (>19 years) with cd followed for at least one year at our inflammatory bowel disease center. vitamin d levels were divided into: low mean vitamin d level (< 30 ng/ml) vs appropriate mean vitamin d level (30-100 ng/ml). generalized poisson regression models (gpr) for rate data were used to estimate partially adjusted and fully adjusted incidence rate ratios (irr) of hospitalization among cd patients. we also examined irrs for vitamin d level as a continuous variable. results of the 880 cd patients, 196 patients with vitamin d level during the observation period were included. partially adjusted model demonstrated that cd patients with a low mean vitamin d level were almost twice more likely to be admitted (irr = 1.76, 95% ci: 1.38-2.24) compared to those with an appropriate vitamin d level. the fully adjusted model confirmed this association (irr = 1.44, 95% ci: 1.11-1.87). partially adjusted model with vitamin d level as a continuous variable demonstrated, higher mean vitamin d level was associated with a 3% lower likelihood of admission with every unit (ng/ml) rise in mean vitamin d level (irr = 0.97, 95% ci: 0.96-0.98). the fully adjusted model confirmed this association (irr = 0.98, 95% ci: 0.97-0.99). conclusion normal or adequate vitamin d stores may be protective in the clinical course of cd. however, this role needs to be further characterized and understood.
crohn's_disease	background: inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) occurs more frequently in patients with psoriasis. the 2 diseases have significant genetic overlap, but the pathogenesis underlying their co-occurrence is unknown. objective: we sought to report adjudicated ibd cases (crohn 's disease [cd] and ulcerative colitis [uc]) in patients exposed to ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin-17a. methods: adverse events (aes) integrated from 7 randomized controlled and uncontrolled trials were analyzed for the controlled induction period, controlled maintenance period, and all ixekizumab-treated patients. suspected ibd cases were reviewed by blinded external experts using internationally recognized criteria (registre epidemiologique des maladies de l'appareil digestif registry). results: in all, 4209 patients (6480 patient-exposure years) were exposed to ixekizumab. suspected cd (n = 12) or uc (n = 17) aes were reported; 19 were adjudicated as definite/probable ibd (cd, n = 7, incidence rate = 1.1/1000 patient-exposure years; uc, n = 12, incidence rate = 1.9/1000 patient-exposure years). among these, 3 occurred during induction (cd, n = 1; uc, n = 2) and 7 during maintenance (cd, n = 4; uc, n = 3). twelve of 16 patients with reported ibd history have not had an ibd treatment- emergent ae/serious ae to date. limitations: clinical review (adjudication) was not prespecified. ae data collected post-hoc may have been limited by length of time from occurrence. conclusion: from an integrated database of 7 ixekizumab psoriasis trials, cd and uc cases were uncommon
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	farnesoid x receptor (fxr) activation by obeticholic acid (oca) has been demonstrated to inhibit inflammation and fibrosis development in liver, kidney and intestine in multiple disease models. fxr activation has also been demonstrated to suppress the inflammatory response and to promote lung repair after lung injury. this study investigated the protective effects of oca treatment (3 or 10 mg/kg/day) on inflammation, tissue remodeling and fibrosis in the bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis rat model. effects of oca treatment on morphological and molecular alterations of the lung, as well as remodeling of the alveoli and the right ventricle were also evaluated. lung function was assessed by measuring airway resistance to inflation. in the acute phase (7 days), bleomycin promoted an initial thickening and fibrosis of the lung interstitium, with upregulation of genes related to epithelial proliferation, tissue remodeling and hypoxia. at 28 days, an evident increase in the deposition of collagen in the lungs was observed. this excessive deposition was accompanied by an upregulation of transcripts related to the extracellular matrix (tgf(31, snai1 and snai2), indicating lung fibrosis. administration of oca protected against bleomycin-induced lung damage by suppressing molecular mechanisms related to epithelial-tomesenchymal transition (emt), inflammation and collagen deposition, with a dose-dependent reduction of proinflammatory cytokines such as il-113 and il-6, as well as tgf-131 and snail expression. pirfenidone, a recently approved treatment for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf), significantly counteracted bleomycin-induced pro-fibrotic genes expression, but did not exert significant effects on il-1 beta and il-6. oca treatment in bleomycin-challenged rats also improved pulmonary function, by effectively normalizing airway resistance to inflation and lung stiffness in vivo. results with oca were similar, or even superior, to those obtained with pirfenidone. in conclusion, our results suggest an important protective effect of oca against bleomycin-induced lung fibrosis by blunting critical mediators in the pathogenesis of ipf. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf), the most common form of chronic interstitial lung disease, is a severe progressive fibrotic disorder of unknown aetiology. the disease has a heterogeneous clinical course, with frequent poor prognosis, similar to malignant disease. correctly diagnosing ipf has become particularly important in view of the availability of more precise therapeutic indications, thus avoiding steroid treatment and allowing new approaches with novel drugs. to date we have limited information about biomarkers predictive of progressive disease and associated complications. efforts should be made in the future to more appropriately study lung tissue and then to extrapolate the most clinically fitting biomarkers. this approach is already used in routine management of many cancers and provides a potential road map for more appropriate clinical care of ipf. this review will mainly focus on histology and etiopathogenesis highlighting some morphological and molecular features that may influence the overall management of ipf.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf) is a progressive interstitial lung disease with unclear etiology and poor prognosis. despite numerous studies on the pathogenesis of ipf, only scant treatment options are available for the management of ipf. glaucocalyxin a (gla), an ent-kaurane diterpenoid, has been demonstrated to exert anti-inflammatory, anti-neoplastic and anti-platelet activities. in this study, we evaluated the role of gla as an anti-fibrotic agent in bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis in mice and investigated the underlying mechanisms by which gla attenuates lung fibrosis. intraperitoneal administration of gla (10 mg/kg) significantly reduced collagen deposition and hydroxyproline content in mouse lungs treated with bleomycin. importantly, gla significantly improved survival in bleomycin treated mice. in addition, gla reduced weight loss in mice that reflects cachexia due to pulmonary fibrosis. mechanistically, gla alleviated the infiltration of macrophages and neutrophils in lungs, attenuated the increases of proinflammatory cytokines in lung tissue and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, and inhibited the activation of nf-kappa b in fibrotic lungs induced by bleomycin. these results provide evidence that gla can effectively ameliorate pulmonary fibrosis through the antagonism of leukocyte infiltration and proinflammatory cytokine production, suggesting that it may become a potential anti fibrotic agent in ipf management. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	background and objective: detailed body composition, such as fat-free mass, has not been examined in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf). we investigated whether the fat-free mass index (ffmi), an index of lean body mass, predicted survival. methods: forty-four patients with ipf were enrolled in the study. their body composition was assessed using direct segmental multi-frequency bioelectrical impedance analysis. the degree of correlation between variables of body composition and other variables such as forced vital capacity (fvc) and survival was examined. results: there was a significant positive correlation between ffmi and fvc, diffusion capacity of the lung for carbon monoxide (dlco) and 6-min walk distance, and a significant negative correlation with age. however, there was no significant correlation between ffmi and percentage predicted fvc or dlco, with the degree of correlation being similar to that observed for bmi. the mean observation period in the survival analysis was 837.5 +/- 407.5 days. a univariate cox proportional hazard model showed that several variables, but not bmi, were associated significantly with survival. ffmi (hazard ratio (hr): 0.64, 95% ci: 0.43-0.94, p = 0.02) and percentage predicted fvc (hr: 0.96, 95% ci: 0.93-0.99, p= 0.008) were significant factors in a multivariate model. conclusion: we conclude that ffmi is a significant independent predictor of survival in patients with ipf.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	interstitial lung disease (ild) comprises a spectrum of chronic disorders that cause various degrees of inflammation or fibrosis in the pulmonary interstitium. although limited, data exists on nutritional concerns in ild. however, previous research has not fully explored the broad range of potential nutritional concerns in ild and impacts on outcomes. the purpose of this review was to identify and describe the overall nutritional status and relating concerns within the ild population. appropriate weight management in this population may positively impact both pre- and post-transplant survival. additionally, accounting for adequate muscle mass may predict better outcomes than considering body mass index alone. current research has identified risk of malnutrition related to decreased muscle strength, increased energy expenditure, vitamin d deficiency, and increased risk of osteoporosis and osteopenia. current research is preliminary and further research is necessary to identify established nutritional complications in this population.
mental_health	this paper describes research on the design of behavioral and mental health facilities. using input from clinical staff, the purpose of the study was four-fold: to develop and test a tool for the evaluation of mental and behavioral health (mbh) facilities, to evaluate the importance and effectiveness of specific environmental qualities and features, to generate design guidelines for mbh facilities, and to make recommendations for future research. a draft version of a tool that was intended to measure the importance and effectiveness of environmental qualities and features in mbh facilities was developed using a multi methods approach. this survey, the psychiatric staff environmental design (psed) tool, was distributed to psychiatric nursing organization members (n = 134). the researchers determined that the psed was suitable for future research with minor modifications. other findings included staff support for private patient rooms, staff recognition of the critical role of positive distraction, and the importance of aesthetics. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
mental_health	objectivethe aim of this research was to explore the transition pathways of transition-aged youth out of child and adolescent mental health services in perth, western australia. a secondary aim was to identify factors that have some impact upon the transition process. methodcases discharged from seven child and adolescent mental health community clinics in the perth metropolitan area, from 1 june 2004 to 30 june 2013, at transition age (16-25 years of age), were examined retrospectively. two hundred and forty-five cases met the selection criteria and were reviewed on the psychiatric services online information system. resultsfour specific pathways of referral and acceptance into an adult mental health service were identified: not referred, referred with immediate engagement, referred with delayed engagement, and referred with no engagement and not accepted. principal discharge diagnosis, length of stay, and housing situation on discharge were all found to influence likelihood of referral. only principal discharge diagnosis was found to influence successful acceptance into an adult mental health service. conclusionsthe factors found to influence transition pathways in the present study were largely consistent with findings from the uk. findings of the present research can assist clinicians to make more informed decisions when discussing transition with clients. more broadly, findings can be used by policy makers to support the formation and maintenance of transition protocols.
mental_health	this study explored aged care support workers' perceptions of how their health was influenced by their job, highlighting similarities and differences of those working in community-based and institution-based care. support workers working in two institution-based and three community-based aged care organisations were invited to participate. semi-structured interviews were undertaken with ten participants. open-ended questions probed participants' perceptions of their health as it related to their work. data were analysed with the general inductive approach. four central themes were identified, many of which related to mental, as opposed to physical health. love of the job' described various sources of satisfaction for participants. these factors commonly overrode the negative aspects. stress' encompassed the negative influences on all aspects of health. support' described the positive influences on health, which supported participants in their job. physicality' described the physical nature of the job and the positive and negative impact this had on participants' health. support workers perform numerous tasks, which often impact upon their health. aspects of the job that may impact the health of the worker are improved communication and support from management, as well as recognition for support workers' contribution to society. these could be targeted to enhance support worker health. additional training and reduced time pressure may also represent aspects for improvement, to optimise support workers' physical health.
mental_health	the test of a well-functioning housing system is the wellbeing of its occupants. it may therefore seem encouraging that in jurisdictions dominated by mortgage-backed home ownership, owner-occupiers traditionally report better physical and mental health than renters. during the 2000s, however, in an era of financial crisis, wellbeing at the edges of ownership came under strain. using data from two national panel surveys - the survey of household, income and labour dynamics in australia, and the british household panel survey (with its successor, understanding society) we track the wellbeing of households who sustained one or more spells of home ownership in the decade to 2010. we estimate log-log regression models of mental wellbeing for each country, documenting (with an appropriate range of controls) the effects of both tenure transitions (between ownership and renting) and some associated financial transactions (anchored on mortgage debt). we find: a wellbeing premium associated with outright ownership and a debteffect among mortgagors; a wellbeing deficit among those who drop out of owner-occupation, with partial recovery where exit is enduring; and for leavers especially, a wellbeing cost to equity borrowing. cross-national differences have an institutional explanation, but similarities relating to the character and regulation of mortgage markets are more striking.
mental_health	child to parent violence (cpv) involves continual and cumulative abusive actions perpetrated by children and adolescents towards their parents or caregivers. this abuse produces short-term distress and ongoing long-term harmful consequences for parents and their families. practitioners, researchers and policy-makers are increasingly challenged to identify, conceptualize and respond to this form of family violence. a major challenge is that parents and caregivers under-report this abuse so there is a lack of awareness and understanding of their psychological experiences in relation to cpv. this research adopts an interpretative phenomenological approach to explore the psychological experience of cpv. interviews were conducted with six new zealand mothers and two grandmothers who all experienced cpv. this abuse was experienced as an 'emotional bloody roller coaster' of unconditional love through to hatred; as 'judgement' - self-blame and others' blame of their parenting skills; and the 'absent father' in their adolescents' lives was drawn on as an explanation for the abuse. taken together, these psychological experiences identify the silencing of cpv is related to parents' conflicting emotions towards their children, their thoughts and feelings about themselves and how other people view them, and the impact of an absent father figure in their children 's everyday lives.
dementia	background. cognitive impairment is the gradual loss of one 's ability to learn, remember, pay attention, and make decisions. cognitively impaired elderly people are a challenging patient population for dental health care professionals and may be at higher risk of developing oral health diseases. the authors systematically reviewed interventions effective at improving dental health in patients with cognitive impairment and described research gaps remaining. types of studies reviewed. in a comprehensive search of multiple databases, the authors identified 2,255 studies published in the english language from 1995 through march 2016. the authors included studies if the investigators evaluated oral health measures after an intervention in patients 65 years or older with cognitive impairment or dementia. nine full-text articles met the criteria for inclusion. results. only 1 study was a randomized control trial, whereas all others lacked appropriate controls. investigators studied the effects of dental treatments, battery-powered devices for oral hygiene, and training of care staff members. most interventions improved some aspect of the oral health of patients with dementia, and results were more pronounced when patients required assistance while performing oral hygiene tasks or had poor oral health at baseline. conclusions and practical implications. a basic care plan for patients with dementia should, at the minimum, match prevention strategies recommended for healthy elderly patients. dental health care professionals should promote oral hygiene education for caregivers for elderly patients with cognitive impairment. there is a wide gap in knowledge regarding effective methods specifically to improve oral health in patients with dementia.
dementia	background: the relative performance of semi-quantitative amyloid positron emission tomography (pet) and cerebrospinal fluid (csf) markers in diagnosing alzheimer 's disease (ad) and predicting the cognitive evolution of patients with mild cognitive impairment (mci) is still debated. methods: subjects from the alzheimer 's disease neuroimaging initiative 2 with complete baseline cognitive assessment (mini mental state examination, clinical dementia rating [cdr] and alzheimer 's disease assessment scale-cognitive subscale [adas-cog] scores), csf collection (amyloid-beta(1-42) [a beta], tau and phosphorylated tau) and f-18-florbetapir scans were included in our cross-sectional cohort. among these, patients with mci or substantial memory complaints constituted our longitudinal cohort and were followed for 30 +/- 16 months. pet amyloid deposition was quantified using relative retention indices (standardised uptake value ratio [suvr]) with respect to pontine, cerebellar and composite reference regions. diagnostic and prognostic performance based on pet and csf was evaluated using roc analysis, multivariate linear regression and survival analysis with the cox proportional hazards model. results: the cross-sectional study included 677 participants and revealed that pontine and composite suvr values were better classifiers (auc 0.88, diagnostic accuracy 85%) than csf markers (auc 0.83 and 0.85, accuracy 80% and 75%, for a beta and tau, respectively). suvr was a strong independent determinant of cognition in multivariate regression, whereas a beta was not; tau was also a determinant, but to a lesser degree. among the 396 patients from the longitudinal study, 82 (21%) converted to ad within 22 +/- 13 months. optimal suvr thresholds to differentiate ad converters were quite similar to those of the cross-sectional study. composite suvr was the best ad classifier (auc 0.86, sensitivity 88%, specificity 81%). in multivariate regression, baseline cognition (cdr and adas-cog) was the main predictor of subsequent cognitive decline. pontine and composite suvr were moderate but independent predictors of final status and cdr/adas-cog progression rate, whereas baseline csf markers had a marginal influence. the adjusted hrs for ad conversion were 3.8 (p = 0.01) for pet profile, 1.2 (p=ns) for a beta profile and 1.8 (p = 0.03) for tau profile. conclusions: semi-quantitative amyloid pet appears more powerful than csf markers for ad grading and mci prognosis in terms of cognitive decline and ad conversion.
dementia	background: this study was designed to explore the beneficial effects of environmental enrichment (ee) on white matter glial changes in a mouse model of chronic cerebral hypoperfusion induced by bilateral common carotid artery stenosis (bcas). methods: a total of 74 wild-type male c57bl/6j mice underwent bcas or sham surgery. one week after surgery, the mice were randomly assigned into three different groups having varied amounts of ee-standard housing with no ee conditions (std), limited exposure with 3 h ee a day (3 h) and full-time exposure to ee (full) for 12 weeks. at 16 weeks after bcas surgery, behavioural and cognitive function were assessed prior to euthanasia. brain tissues were analysed for the degree of gliosis including morphological changes in astrocytes and microglia. results: chronic cerebral hypoperfusion (or bcas) increased clasmatodendrocytes (damaged astrocytes) with disruption of aquaporin-4 immunoreactivity and an increased degree of microglial activation/proliferation. bcas also impaired behavioural and cognitive function. these changes were significantly attenuated, by limited exposure compared to full-time exposure to ee. conclusions: our results suggest that moderate or limited exposure to ee substantially reduced glial damage/activation. our findings also suggest moderate rather than continuous exposure to ee is beneficial for patients with subcortical ischaemic vascular dementia characterised by white matter disease-related inflammation.
dementia	herod the great was appointed ""king of jews,"" to govern judea, by the roman emperor and senate. he lived from 73/74 bce to 4 ce. he died with an illness and symptoms that have been the source of considerable speculation. richard strauss depicted herod in his classic opera, ""salome."" that opera was derived from a play of the same name by oscar wilde, which was based on an 1876 painting, ""salome dancing before herod,"" by gustave moreau. the operatic herod was afflicted with an illness characterized by dementia, hallucinations, paranoia, alcoholism (from drinking the emperor 's wine), violence, twitches, and sterility; different interpretations showed him also with falls, chills, shaking, thirst, forgetfulness, and sleepiness, for which we suggest the novel diagnosis of chronic lead intoxication (which can manifest to rheumatologists as saturnine gout). he had compatible symptoms (encephalopathy and neuromuscular abnormalities) and consumed excessive quantities of imperial wine, known to be highly contaminated with lead and likely associated with similar symptoms among roman aristocracy. herod 's demented cruelties-an oppressive reign which including the beheading of john the baptist-exacerbated the political climate and may have contributed to the subsequent violent 7-year revolt culminating in the destruction of the second temple. how different might history have been if herod the great had been abstemious?.
dementia	objective: challenging differential diagnosis background: basal ganglia calcification (bgc) is a rare sporadic or hereditary central nervous system (cns) abnormality, characterized by symmetric or asymmetric calcification of the basal ganglia. case report: we report the case of a 65-year-old gypsy female who was admitted for a tetanic seizure, and who had a history of polyneuropathy, restless-leg syndrome, retinopathy, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, osteoporosis with consecutive hyperkyphosis, cervicalgia, lumbalgia, struma nodosa requiring thyroidectomy and consecutive hypothyroidism, adipositas, resection of a vocal chord polyp, arterial hypertension, coronary heart disease, atheromatosis of the aorta, peripheral artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, steatosis hepatis, mild renal insufficiency, long-term hypocalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, impingement syndrome, spondylarthrosis of the lumbar spine, and hysterectomy. history and clinical presentation suggested a mitochondrial defect which also manifested as hypoparathyroidism or fanconi syndrome resulting in bgc. after substitution of calcium, no further tetanic seizures occurred. conclusions: patients with bgc should be investigated for a mitochondrial disorder. a mitochondrial disorder may also manifest as tetanic seizure.
rheumatoid_arthritis	some evidences suggest that obesity impairs the effectiveness of tnf inhibitors. we examined the impact of body mass index (bmi) on the clinical effectiveness of abatacept in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) patients. this is a pooled analysis of 10 prospective cohorts of ra patients. all patients with available bmi were included in this study. the primary endpoint was drug retention of abatacept in the different bmi categories. multivariable cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (hrs) for drug discontinuation. a secondary endpoint was eular/lundex response rates at 6/12 months. of the 2015 ra patients initiating therapy with iv abatacept, 380 (18.9%) were classified as obese. obese patients had more functional disability, and were less often rf positive. the median abatacept retention time was 1.91 years for obese ra patients compared to 2.12 years for non-obese patients (p = 0.15). the risk of abatacept discontinuation was not significantly different for overweight (hr 1.03 (95% ci 0.89-1.19)), or for obese (hr 1.08 (95% ci 0.89-1.30)) compared to normal-weight patients. rheumatoid factor positivity reduced the risk of abatacept discontinuation (hr 0.83 (95% ci 0.72-0.95)), while previous biologic therapy was positively associated with drug interruption (hrs increasing from 1.68 to 2.16 with the line of treatments). obese and non-obese patients attained similar rates of eular/lundex clinical response at 6/12 months. drug retention and clinical response rates to abatacept do not seem to be decreased by obesity in ra patients.
rheumatoid_arthritis	purposemedication error is a significant source of morbidity and mortality among patients. clinical and cost-effectiveness evidence are required for the implementation of quality of care interventions. reduction of error-related cost is a key potential benefit of interventions addressing medication error. the aim of this review was to describe and quantify the economic burden associated with medication error. methodspubmed, cochrane, embase, cinahl, econlit, abi/inform, business source complete were searched. studies published 2004-2016 assessing the economic impact of medication error were included. cost values were expressed in euro 2015. a narrative synthesis was performed. resultsa total of 4572 articles were identified from database searching, and 16 were included in the review. one study met all applicable quality criteria. fifteen studies expressed economic impact in monetary terms. mean cost per error per study ranged from euro2.58 to euro111727.08. healthcare costs were used to measure economic impact in 15 of the included studies with one study measuring litigation costs. four studies included costs incurred in primary care with the remaining 12 measuring hospital costs. five studies looked at general medication error in a general population with 11 studies reporting the economic impact of an individual type of medication error or error within a specific patient population. conclusionsconsiderable variability existed between studies in terms of financial cost, patients, settings and errors included. many were of poor quality. assessment of economic impact was conducted predominantly in the hospital setting with little assessment of primary care impact. limited parameters were used to establish economic impact. copyright (c) 2017 john wiley & sons, ltd.
rheumatoid_arthritis	what is known and objectivekaposi 's sarcoma (ks) is a malignant neoplasm caused by hhv-8, a pathogen that leads to endothelial cell transformation when host defences are weakened. case descriptionhere we report the first case of ks during treatment with abatacept, a biologic agent targeting t-cell costimulation. the patient was a 64-year-old female with rheumatoid arthritis who developed multiple firm, purple-reddish nodules on the dorsal aspect of the right hand. histological examination confirmed ks. what is new and conclusionalthough a direct causal relationship between ks development and abatacept treatment cannot be proved, we hypothesize a role for costimulation blockade.
rheumatoid_arthritis	autoimmune diseases are characterized by aberrant immune responses against healthy cells and tissues. however, the exact mechanisms underlying the development of these conditions remain unknown. cd4+cd25+ regulatory t cells (tregs) are a subset of mature t cells which have an important role in maintaining immune homeostasis and preventing autoimmune diseases. forkhead box p3 (foxp3), a member of the fork head transcription factor family, is recognized as a marker of cd4+cd25+ tregs. the decreased number and/or function of cd4+cd25+ tregs in peripheral blood and related tissues has been demonstrated in systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, and other autoimmune diseases, which are at least partially regulated by epigenetic mechanisms. epigenetics refers to the study of potentially heritable alterations in gene expression without underlying changes of the nucleotide sequence, mainly including dna methylation, histone modification, and micrornas (mirnas). for example, dna methylation status of cpg islands on the foxp3 gene, which may be affected by normal aging and regulated by environmental factors, plays an important role in modulating the homeostasis of foxp3 expression in tregs. foxp3 gene in tregs also shows distinct acetylation and trimethylation levels of histone h3 and h4 when compared with effector t cells, leading to an open chromatin structure. micrornas such as mir-155, mir-126, and mir-10a also exert an important influence on the differentiation, development, and immunological functions of tregs. aberrant epigenetic modifications affecting foxp3 and other key genes in tregs contribute to disease activity and tissue inflammation in autoimmune diseases, which holds great potential for providing novel targets for epigenetic therapies. advances in research into the epigenetic regulation of cd4+cd25+ tregs may also lead to the identification of new epigenetic biomarkers for diagnosis and prognosis.
rheumatoid_arthritis	objective: in aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans, different serotypes have been described based on lipopolysaccharide (lps) antigenicity. when t lymphocytes were stimulated with these serotypes, different patterns of t-helper (th)1 and th17-type of immune responses were reported. recently, two new th phenotypes have been described and named th9 and th22 lymphocytes; however, their role in the pathogenesis of periodontitis remains unclear. this study aimed to investigate the potential th9 and/or th22 lymphocyte responses when stimulated with autologous dendritic cells infected with different a. actinomycetemcomitans serotypes. methods: monocyte-derived dendritic cells and naive cd4(+) t lymphocytes were obtained from healthy donors and stimulated with different serotypes of a. actinomycetemcomitans at a multiplicity of infection moi = 10(2) or their purified lps (10-50 ng/ml). the levels for the th9 and th22-associated cytokines, as well as the transcription factor master-switch genes implied in their differentiation spi-b and ahr, were quantified by qpcr and elisa. results: when stimulated with the serotype b of a. actinomycetemcomitans, higher levels of interleukin (il)-6 and tumor necrosis factor (tnf)-alpha were detected in dendritic cells, as well as higher levels of il-22 and ahr were detected in t lymphocytes, when compared with stimulation with the other serotypes. conclusions: the serotype b of a. actinomycetemcomitans has a higher capacity of trigger th22-type of immune response in both dendritic cells and t lymphocytes. these data allow us to suggest that, when the serotype b of a. actinomycetemcomitans is a significant part of the subgingival biofilm, the th22 polarization might be triggered within the periodontal lesion. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
osteoporosis	in this study, we evaluated the effectiveness of the osteoporosis self-assessment tool for asians (osta) in screening for osteoporosis in the elderly male population in the chengdu area, china. the lunar prodigy advance bone densitometer was used to measure the bone mineral density of 11,039 healthy males over the age of 40 years. men with osta scores of >-1, -4 < osta <=-1, or <=-4 , or were assigned to the low-risk, moderate risk, or high-risk group, respectively. the t-scores measured with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry at the different sites were compared across the groups. the bone mineral density of the lumbar spines l1-l4, the left femur, and other sites decreased gradually with age. with increasing age, the screening sensitivity of osta for osteoporosis in the lumbar spine and femur gradually increased, whereas its specificity decreased. the areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves for the osta index in different age groups and at different sites were 0.644-0.831. therefore, the osta index demonstrated some value in screening for osteoporosis in men over the age of 50 years. significant differences in its effectiveness were observed among different age groups.
osteoporosis	icariin (ica) is a pharmacologically active flavonoid glycoside that shows promise in the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis (op). however, the mechanisms underlying the anti-osteoporotic effects of ica remain largely unclear. the present study used quantitative polymerase chain reaction, western blot and immunohistochemical analysis to examine the effects of ica on several key targets in the notch signaling pathway in bone tissue in ovariectomized rats. it was observed that ica has a pronounced beneficial effect on op rats and inhibits the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (ppar), ccaat/enhancer binding protein (c/ebp) and fatty acid-binding protein 4 (fabp4) mrna. in addition, it was identified that ica downregulates the expression of notch1 intracellular domain (n1icd) and jagged1 proteins in bone tissue, and suppresses the effect of n1icd on notch2 mrna expression. it is proposed that ica inhibits the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into adipocytes by inhibiting the expression of ppar, c/ebp and fabp4 mrna via the notch signaling pathway. in addition, it is proposed that ica inhibits the expression of notch2 mrna by suppressing the effect of n1icd. in conclusion, the results provide further mechanistic evidence for the clinical efficacy of ica in the treatment of op.
osteoporosis	singleton-merten syndrome (mim 182250) is an autosomal dominant inherited disorder characterized by early onset periodontitis, root resorption, osteopenia, osteoporosis, and aortic valve or thoracic aorta calcification. the disorder can have significant intrafamilial phenotypic variability. here, we present a mother and daughter with singleton-merten syndrome harboring a previously described pathogenic missense mutation, c.2465g>a p.(arg822gln), in ifih1 (interferon induced with helicase c domain 1), encoding mda5 (melanoma differentiation-associated protein 5). these data confirm the pathogenicity of ifih1 c.2465g>a p.(arg822gln) for singleton-merten syndrome and affirm the striking phenotypic heterogeneity of this disorder. in addition, we expand the singleton-merten phenotype by adding severe systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) to the clinical picture. investigations of known sle genes as well as a single nucleotide polymorphism suggested to be involved in development of sle were normal.
osteoporosis	background/aimreplantation of avulsed teeth may lead to root resorption. bisphosphonates (bps), a class of drugs of used to treat resorptive diseases of the bone such as osteoporosis and paget 's disease, have been observed to exert an antiresorptive effect on periodontal bone as well. the antiresorptive properties of bps could prove them useful in preventing root resorption of replanted avulsed teeth. the aim of this systematic review was to analyze and summarize the currently available literature concerning the use of bps in preventing root resorption of avulsed teeth. materials and methodspubmed/medline, google scholar, isi web of knowledge, and embase databases were searched using keywords bisphosphonate', replantation', and tooth'. quality assessment of each study was carried out. in addition, general characteristics and outcomes of each study were summarized. resultsafter exclusion of 116 irrelevant articles, 10 animal studies were included in this review. the majority of the studies suggest that surface application of zoledronate or alendronate reduces root resorption of replanted teeth in animal models. surface treatment with etidronate had no significant effect on root resorption, and intracanal etidronate accelerated resorption. conclusionsurface application of zoledronate and alendronate reduces root resorption of replanted teeth in animal models. however, the efficacy of intracanal usage of bps is still debatable.
osteoporosis	background: intermittent parathyroid hormone (pth) can be used to treat osteoporosis of the spine and hip. however, whether it can be used to treat osteoporosis of the mandible is unclear. the purpose of this study was to explore the influence of applying intermittent pth to ovariectomized rats on the trabecular bone microarchitecture of the mandible and femoral head. methods: eighteen female rats were divided into three groups: the healthy group, ovariectomized (ovx) group, and ovx + pth group. the ovx group and ovx + pth group had an ovx at 8 weeks of age. the ovx + pth group received intermittent pth therapy for 12 weeks. the mandibles and femurs of all rats were removed at 20 weeks and were then scanned using microcomputed tomography (micro-ct). results: from the micro-ct analysis, the trabecular bone microarchitecture of the mandible and femoral head are offered as follows: (1) the bone volume fraction and trabecular thickness in the ovx group were lower than those in the healthy group. (2) the bone volume fraction and trabecular thickness in the ovx + pth group approximated those in the healthy group. conclusion: the conclusions of this study regarding the trabecular bone microarchitecture of the mandible and femoral head are offered as follows: (1) the bv/tv and tbth in the ovx group were lower than those in the healthy group. (2) the bv/tv and tbth in the ovx + pth group approximated those in the healthy group, therefore, intermittent pth displayed high efficacy for treating femoral or mandibular deterioration of bone microstructure resulting from loss of ovarian function. osteoporosis of the femur or mandible in the rats was ameliorated by intermittent pth therapy.
medicare	objective : this 2009-2011 nation-wide study of adult koreans was aimed to provide characteristics, medical utilization states, and survival rates for newly diagnosed patients with primary nonmalignant and malignant spine tumors. methods : data for patients with primary spine tumors were selected from the korean health insurance review and assessment service database. the data included their age, sex, health insurance type, co-morbidities, medical cost, and hospital stay duration. hospital stay duration and medical costs per person occurring in one calendar year were used. in addition, survival rates of patients with primary malignant spine tumors were evaluated. results : the incidence rate of a primary spine tumor increased with age, and the year of diagnosis (p <= 0.0001). average annual medical costs ranged from 1627 usd (pelvis & sacrum & coccyx tumors) to 6601 usd (spinal cord tumor) for primary nonmalignant spine tumor and from 12137 usd (spinal meningomas) to 20825 usd (pelvis & sacrum & coccyx tumors) for a primary malignant spine tumor overall survival rates for those with a primary malignant spine tumor were 87.0%, 753%, and 70.6% at 3, 12, and 24 months, respectively. the cox regression model results showed that male sex, medicare insurance were significantly positive factors affecting survival after a diagnosis of primary malignant spine tumor. conclusion : our study provides a detailed view of the characteristics, medical utilization states, and survival rates of patients newly diagnosed with primary spine tumors in korea.
medicare	purpose. the effectiveness and financial benefit of pharmacist-led annual wellness visits (awvs) in conjunction with comprehensive medication management (cmm) for older, high-risk patients were examined. methods. eligible patients were 65 years of age or older with three or more chronic medical conditions, taking five or more long-term prescription or nonprescription medications and receiving primary care in a retirement community clinic. the intervention involved two components, an awv and cmm. the awv included all medicare-required components. all participants saw a clinical pharmacist practitioner for an awv with cmm and additional cmm visits at three and six months. outcomes included completion of required awv components, prevalence of medication-related problems (mrps), classic return on investment, patient satisfaction, and change in rate of hospitalization. results. of the 60 eligible patients contacted, 53 (88%) agreed to participate. patients' mean +/- s.d. age was 82.1 +/- 5.5 years, and patients used a median of 12 medications (range, 5-27) at baseline. the pharmacist identified at least 1 mrp in 90.6% of patients at the awv; all patients had at least 1 mrp identified over six months. a total of 278 mrps were identified: suboptimal drug (32.7%), insufficient therapeutic monitoring (25.2%), undertreatment of chronic condition (16.9%), and suboptimal dose, frequency, or administration (15.8%). revenue generated by the pharmacist exceeded costs by 38.1%. the rate of hospitalizations did not significantly change after the intervention. conclusion. pharmacists played a beneficial role in the provision of both awvs and cmm, facilitating the completion of wellness visits and identifying and addressing mrps in an older, high-risk population.
medicare	aims: to determine the frequency, timing and patterns of endocrine therapy switching in australian practice for postmenopausal women with primary breast cancer. methods: we identified postmenopausal women in a population-based cohort commencing endocrine therapy for invasive primary breast cancer between december 2005 and december 2008 (n = 645). individual-level administrative health records and self-report data were used to determine women 's demographic and clinical characteristics, including preexisting and newly-treated comorbidities, and switches in endocrine therapy. time to therapy switching was calculated. chi-square tests compared the characteristics of women who did and did not switch, and those switching within 2 years or after 2 years of commencing therapy. results: twenty-eight percent of women switched from their initial endocrine therapy, most commonly from tamoxifen to anastrozole, or the converse. a small number of anastrozole-to-exemestane and letrozole-to-exemestane switches were observed (n = 19). most women (>80%) who switched therapies did not have newly-treated comorbidities. few women (<5%) switched before completing 2 years of therapy, but these women were significantly more likely to have preexisting antidepressant use than women switching later (43% vs 23%, p = 0.048) and remained on the subsequent therapy for less time (6 months vs 2.7 years, p < 0.001). conclusions: approximately one-quarter of postmenopausal women with primary breast cancer switched endocrine therapies. the findings suggest that the majority of switching in australian practice was planned; occurring after 2-3 years of, not precipitated by comorbidity, and in a sequence supported by trial evidence. early switching, however, was associated with preexisting depression and appeared to be a marker of poor persistence.
medicare	background: nurse practitioners are increasingly being integrated into primary care delivery to help meet the growing demand for primary care. it is therefore important to understand nurse practitioners' productivity in primary care practice. purpose: we examined nurse practitioners' clinical productivity in regard to number of patients seen per week, whether they had a patient panel, and patient panel size. we further investigated practice characteristics associated with their clinical productivity. methods: we conducted cross-sectional analysis of the 2012 national sample survey of nurse practitioners. the sample included full-time primary care nurse practitioners in ambulatory settings. multivariable survey regression analyses were performed to examine the relationship between practice characteristics and nurse practitioners' clinical productivity. results: primary care nurse practitioners in ambulatory settings saw an average of 80 patients per week (95% confidence interval [ci]: 79-82), and 64% of them had their own patient panel. the average patient panel size was 567 (95% ci: 522612). nurse practitioners who had their own patient panel spent a similar percent of time on patient care and documentation as those who did not. however, those with a patient panel were more likely to provide a range of clinical services to most patients. nurse practitioners' clinical productivity was associated with several modifiable practice characteristics such as practice autonomy and billing and payment policies. discussions: the estimated number of patients seen in a typical week by nurse practitioners is comparable to that by primary care physicians reported in the literature. however, they had a significantly smaller patient panel. nurse practitioners' clinical productivity can be further improved.
medicare	air particulate matter (pm) is an important component of air pollution, which has been reported to play important role in the adverse health effects of the latter. extensive experimental data and epidemiological studies have shown that the increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and atherosclerosis caused by air pollution are mainly due to the pm component. implicated in these adverse health effects of pm, is their ability to induce oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory events in the vascular system. the association between the cardiovascular ischemic events and atherosclerosis induced by pm has been linked to the ultrafine and fine components. these particles have a high content of redox cyclic chemicals. this, together with their ability to combine with proatherogenic molecules enhanced tissue oxidative stress. studies have shown that the oxidative stress induced by pm could up-regulates the expression of phase i and phase ii metabolize enzymes. this up-regulation occurs by the activation of transcription factors (such as nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2) -like 2-related factor (nrf2) and aryl hydrocarbon receptor (ahr)). this review will focus on data supporting the role of oxidative stress and inflammation in pm-induced cardiovascular diseases and atherosclerosis and the importance of nrf2-and ahr- dependent regulatory pathways in the pm-induced cardiovascular events and atherosclerosis. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
psoriatic_arthritis	objectives: we assessed the ability of patients with autoimmune inflammatory diseases to successfully use the investigational autotouch (tm) reusable autoinjector as well as patient preference for autotouch (tm) versus the currently marketed single-use prefilled etanercept sureclick (r) autoinjector. methods: two multicenter studies were performed: a home use study and a patient preference study. in the home use study, 77 patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra) or psoriatic arthritis self-administered etanercept once weekly for 5 weeks. the primary end point was successful self-injection of etanercept via autotouch (tm). the patient preference study was an open-label, randomized, 8-week crossover trial (4 weeks for each device) in 216 patients with ra or psoriasis (pso). the primary end point was preference for autotouch (tm) versus sureclick (r). results: in the home use study, the proportion of successful self-injections with autotouch (tm) during weeks 1 through 5 was 97.8% (95% ci, 96.3. 99.3). in the patient preference study, patients had a preference rate for autotouch (tm) of 41.7% (95% ci, 34.9-48.4) overall, 43.5% (95% ci, 35.5. 51.6) for patients with ra, and 36.8% (95% ci, 24.3. 49.4) for patients with pso. needle apprehension was not different at initiation of the autoinjectors, nor was there a difference between the injectors after 4 weeks. overall, patients preferred autotouch t for ease of self-injecting, ease of pressing the start button, ease of following injection progress, and certainty of knowing when the injection was completed. sureclick (r) was preferred for fewer steps and experiencing less injection site discomfort or pain. conclusion: the introduction of the autotouch (tm) will give patients a choice between two different autoinjectors for self-administration of etanercept.
psoriatic_arthritis	objective: the aim of this study is to investigate the relation between vitamin d levels, vertebral defoi functional status, quality of life, acute phase reactants and enthesopathy in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa). patients and methods: fifty-two patients with psa and 52 controls were enrolled to the study. routine blood tests and serums 25-(oh)d3 were measured. the thoracic and lumbar vertebrae deformities identified in the radiographies were evaluated by a radiologist. psoriatic arthritis quality of life (psaqol) was used for evaluating quality of life and disease activity parameters for psa were assessed. in psa patients, correlations was performed between the 25(oh)-d3 levels and pga (patient global assessment), phga (physician global assessment), tender jc (joint count), haq-s (health assessment questionnaire for the sp ondyloarthropathies), psaqol, mases (maastricht ankylosing spondylitis enthesitis score) and basdai (bath ankylosing spondylitis disease activity index) values. results: the results showed that 25(oh)-d3 levels was not correlated with these values. (p>0.05 for r = -0.171, r = -0.167, r=-0.069, r=-0.236, r=-0.062, r= -0.058 and r = -0.106 respectively). it was determined that the psaqol score had a positive and statistically significant correlation with the pga, swollen jc, crp, hgd, tender jc, vas -pain, haq-s, mases and basdai values in psa patients. (p>0.05 for r=0.291, r=0.324, r=0.346, r=0.312; and p=0.001 for r=0.472, r=0.380, r=0.565, r=0.696, r=0.359, r=0.633, respectively) statistical analyses demonstrated that psa patients with vertebral deformities had higher numbers of tender joints, more prolonged periods of morning stiffness, higher das28-esr (disease activity score) scores, and higher levels of vitamin d (p<0.05, p<0.05, p=0.05 and p<0.05, respectively). the multiple logistic regression analysis indicated that the only factor which had an effect on the development of vertebral deformities was the use of steroids. conclusions: this result has demonstrated that psoriatic arthritis has a considerable effect on patient quality of life. most significant factors that affecting quality of life were physical pain and disability while vertebral deformities and 25-(oh)d3 had no significant effect.
psoriatic_arthritis	this is a review looking at anti cytokine therapy in rheumatoid arthritis (ra), psoriatic arthritis (psa) and ankylosing spondylitis (as). the review explores the similarities and differences in the clinical features, as well as treatments and cytokines involved in the development and propagation of the disease. particular attention is paid to tnf alpha inhibitors il-1ra, il-6 and jak kinase inhibitors, anti il23 and il-12 and the new developments with anti-il-17. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
psoriatic_arthritis	graft-versus-host disease (gvhd) is a major complication of allogenic bone marrow transplantation and involves the infiltration of donor cd4(+) and/or cd8(+) t cells into various organs of the recipient. the pathological role of human cd4(+) and cd8(+) t cells in gvhd remains controversial. in this study, we established two novel xenogeneic (xeno)-gvhd models. human cd4(+) or cd8(+) t cells were purified from peripheral blood and were transplanted into immunodeficient nod/shi-scid il2rg(null) (nog) mice. human cd8(+) t cells did not induce major gvhd symptoms in conventional nog mice. however, cd8(+) t cells immediately proliferated and induced severe gvhd when transferred into nog mice together with at least 0.5 x 10(6) cd4(+) t cells or into nog human interleukin (il)-2 transgenic mice. human cd4(+) t cell-transplanted nog mice developed skin inflammations including alopecia, epidermal hyperplasia, and neutrophilia. pathogenic t helper (th)17 cells accumulated in the skin of cd4(+) t cell-transplanted nog mice. further, an anti-human il-17 antibody (secukinumab) significantly suppressed these skin pathologies. these results indicate that pathogenic human th17 cells induce cutaneous gvhd via il-17-dependent pathways. this study provides fundamental insights into the pathogenesis of xeno-gvhd, and these humanized mouse models may be useful as preclinical tools for the prevention of gvhd. human cd4(+) or cd8(+) t cells contribute differently to the pathogenesis of xenogenic graft-versus-host disease.
psoriatic_arthritis	objective. acpas are associated with bone destruction in ra. the aim of this study was to evaluate the association between acpa and bone destruction in patients with a distinct inflammatory disorder, psa. methods. we used baseline data from a large observational study of psa patients preparing to initiate treatment with adalimumab to analyse demographic and disease characteristics by acpa status. to ensure a homogeneous psa study population, only patients with active psoriatic skin manifestations who met classification of psoriatic arthritis criteria for psa were included in the analyses, thereby minimizing the risk of including misdiagnosed ra patients. multiple logistic regression analyses were used to explore potential associations between acpa seropositivity and bone destruction. results. of 1996 psa patients who met the strict inclusion criteria, 105 (5.3%) were positive for acpa. acpa-positive patients had significantly higher swollen joint counts and 28-joint das values than acpa-negative patients and significantly higher rates of erosive changes and dactylitis. multiple logistic regression analysis confirmed the association of acpa seropositivity with a 2.8-fold increase in the risk of erosive disease. conclusion. as has been previously shown for ra, acpa is associated with bone destruction in psa, suggesting that the osteocatabolic effect of acpa is not confined to ra but is also detectable in the different pathogenetic context of a distinct disease entity. trial registration: clinicaltrials.gov, nct01111240.
addiction	objective: childhood maltreatment is widely accepted as a risk factor for drug addiction from adolescence to adulthood. however, the influence of childhood maltreatment on drug treatment related variables, such as drug abstinence motivation and self-concept, as well as self-efficacy, remains unclear. this study aims at exploring whether self-concept mediates the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation, as well as self-efficacy, among drug addicts. methods: this study involves 816 (550 males, 226 females, mean age = 34.59, range = 16-58 years) drug addicts from compulsory detoxification units. participants completed questionnaires, including the childhood trauma questionnaire 28- item short form (ctq- sf), tennessee self-concept scale (tscs), general self-efficacy scale (gses), and drug abstinence motivation questionnaire (damq). results: the structural equation model (sem) analysis, including total and specific forms of maltreatment scores, showed that childhood maltreatment was negatively associated with self-concept, self-efficacy, and abstinence motivation. self-concept was positively associated with self-efficacy and abstinence motivation. conversely, significant association between self-efficacy and abstinence motivation did not exist. an indirect analysis showed that self-concept mediated the relationship between childhood maltreatment and self-efficacy. critically, selfconcept arbitrated the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation. the indirect effect of self-concept between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation still existed when the total scores of maltreatment were replaced by the scores of specific forms of maltreatment. conclusions: these results demonstrated that self-concept is a critical factor in understanding the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation, as well as self-efficacy, among drug addicts. improving the sense of self-worth may be an effective intervention therapy among drug addicts with childhood maltreatment history. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
addiction	background: this study aimed to identify the most important factors of changing pattern of drug abuse from opium to methamphetamine in iranian drugdependent women. materials and methods: this study was a phenomenological study. the data were analyzed by the 7-step colaizzi method. subjects selected from patients who were referred to addiction rehabilitation residential center of welfare organization in bojnurd city located in northeast iran. results: we found 8 conceptual classes, and 32 codes from the analysis of data. the individual factors were as follow: elevation of mood, obtaining more pleasure, increasing energy and improving performance, relief of physical pain, and sensation seeking. conclusions: depth review and analyses of interviews revealed that individual factors are the most important factor in crystal meth abuse.
addiction	chronic cancer pain is a serious complication of malignancy or its treatment. currently, no comprehensive, universally accepted cancer pain classification system exists. clarity in classification of common cancer pain syndromes would improve clinical assessment and management. moreover, an evidence-based taxonomy would enhance cancer pain research efforts by providing consistent diagnostic criteria, ensuring comparability across clinical trials. as part of a collaborative effort between the analgesic, anesthetic, and addiction clinical trial translations, innovations, opportunities, and networks (acttion) and the american pain society (aps), the acttion-aps pain taxonomy initiative worked to develop the characteristics of an optimal diagnostic system. after the establishment of these characteristics, a working group consisting of clinicians and clinical and basic scientists with expertise in cancer and cancer-related pain was convened to generate core diagnostic criteria for an illustrative sample of 3 chronic pain syndromes associated with cancer (ie, bone pain and pancreatic cancer pain as models of pain related to a tumor) or its treatment (ie, chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy). a systematic review and synthesis was conducted to provide evidence for the dimensions that comprise this cancer pain taxonomy. future efforts will subject these diagnostic categories and criteria to systematic empirical evaluation of their feasibility, reliability, and validity and extension to other cancer-related pain syndromes. perspective: the acttion-aps chronic cancer pain taxonomy provides an evidence-based classification for 3 prevalent syndromes, namely malignant bone pain, pancreatic cancer pain, and chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy. this taxonomy provides consistent diagnostic criteria, common features, comorbidities, consequences, and putative mechanisms for these potentially serious cancer pain conditions that can be extended and applied with other cancer-related pain syndromes. (c) 2016 the authors. published by elsevier inc. on behalf of the american pain society
addiction	the propensity to delay gratification, measured by the discount rate, is associated with a variety of positive outcomes including higher rates of education and savings, as well as lower rates of poverty or addiction. there is a significant literature which supports a linkage between religion and self-regulation. we use an online experimental approach to test the influence of religious salience on intertemporal discount rates. the experiment used both real and hypothetical rewards in its design. using a large sample, we are able to test the impact of religious primes across a variety of religious traditions as well as the non-religious. contrary to previous studies, we do not find evidence that increased religious salience increases observed discount rates. furthermore, we find no significant difference in the impact of religious salience across religious groups. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
addiction	background and aims: the recent opioid epidemic has prompted renewed interest in opioid use disorder treatment, but there is little evidence regarding health-related quality-of-life (hrqol) outcomes in treatment programs. measuring hrqol represents an opportunity to consider outcomes of opioid use disorder treatment that are more patient-centered and more relevant to overall health than abstinence alone. we conducted a systematic literature review to explore the extent to which the collection of hrqol by opioid treatment programs is documented in the treatment program literature. materials and methods: we searched pubmed, embase psycinfo and web of science for papers published between 1965 and 2015 that reported hrqol outcome measures from substance abuse treatment programs. results: of the 3014 unduplicated articles initially identified for screening, 99 articles met criteria for further review. of those articles, 7 were unavailable in english; therefore 92 articles were reviewed. of these articles, 44 included any quality-of-life measure, 17 of which included validated hrqol measures, and 10 supported derivation of quality-adjusted life year utility weights. the most frequently used validated measure was the addiction severity index (asi). non-u.s. and more recent studies were more likely to include a measure of hrqol. conclusions: hrqol measures are rarely used as outcomes in opioid treatment programs. the field should incorporate hrqol measures as standard practice, especially measures that can be used to derive utility weights, such as the sf-12 or eq-5d. these instruments provide policy makers with evidence on the impact of programs on patients' lives and with data to quantify the value of investing in opioid use disorder treatments. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
atopic_dermatitis	background: dedicator of cytokinesis 8 (dock8) deficiency is a combined immunodeficiency caused by autosomal recessive loss-of- function mutations in dock8. this disorder is characterized by recurrent cutaneous infections, increased serum ige levels, and severe atopic disease, including food-induced anaphylaxis. however, the contribution of defects in cd4(+) t cells to disease pathogenesis in these patients has not been thoroughly investigated. objective: we sought to investigate the phenotype and function of dock8-deficient cd4(+) t cells to determine (1) intrinsic and extrinsic cd4 1 t-cell defects and (2) how defects account for the clinical features of dock8 deficiency. methods: we performed in-depth analysis of the cd4(+) t-cell compartment of dock8-deficient patients. we enumerated subsets of cd4(+) t helper cells and assessed cytokine production and transcription factor expression. finally, we determined the levels of ige specific for staple foods and house dust mite allergens in dock8-deficient patients and healthy control subjects. results: dock8-deficient memory cd4 1 t cells were biased toward a t(h)2 type, and this was at the expense of t(h)1 and t(h)17 cells. in vitro polarization of dock8-deficient naive cd4(+) t cells revealed the th2 bias and th17 defect to be t-cell intrinsic. examination of allergen-specific ige revealed plasma ige from dock8-deficient patients is directed against staple food antigens but not house dust mites. conclusion: investigations into the dock8-deficient cd4(+) t cells provided an explanation for some of the clinical features of this disorder: the t(h)2 bias is likely to contribute to atopic disease, whereas defects in t(h)1 and t(h)17 cells compromise antiviral and antifungal immunity, respectively, explaining the infectious susceptibility of dock8-deficient patients.
atopic_dermatitis	background: canine atopic dermatitis is a common pruritic skin disease often treated with allergen immunotherapy (ait). ait in dogs traditionally begins with attempting to identify clinically relevant environmental allergens. current allergen testing methodologies and immunotherapy techniques in dogs are not standardized. immunotherapy with a mixture of allergenic extracts selected based on regional aerobiology rather than intradermal tests or serum ige assays has been described. the objective of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of regionally-specific immunotherapy in dogs with atopic dermatitis. the medical records of a veterinary dermatology referral clinic were searched for dogs with atopic dermatitis that began regionally-specific subcutaneous immunotherapy from june, 2010 to may, 2013. an overall assessment of treatment effectiveness (excellent, good, fair, or poor) was assigned based upon changes in pruritus severity, lesion severity, and the reduction in concurrent medication(s) during a follow-up period of at least 270 days. baseline characteristics that might predict treatment success were analyzed with the spearman 's correlation and the kruskal-wallis tests. results: of the 286 dogs that began regionally-specific immunotherapy (respit) during a 3 year period, 103 met the inclusion criteria. the overall response to respit was classified as excellent in 19%, good in 38%, fair in 25%, and poor in 18% of dogs. the response classification correlated significantly with a reduction in pruritus severity (r = 0.72, p < 0.001) and lesion severity (r = 0.54, p < 0.001), but not with the dogs' baseline characteristics. adverse reactions were reported in 7/286 (2.4%) of treated dogs. conclusions: under the conditions of this study, respit was safe and effective for the treatment of atopic dermatitis in dogs.
atopic_dermatitis	introduction: henna tattoos are a very common practice in the adolescent population. henna is very often admixed with para-phenylenediamine (ppda) to improve the appearance of the tattoo. ppda is a potent allergen, and is a frequent cause of allergic contact dermatitis (acd). material and method: a study was conducted on the results of 726 consecutive children who had been patch tested in the university general hospital consortium of valencia between 1980 and 2015. results: almost half (49.7%; (361 cases) of the children had one or more positive patch test findings, with 4.7% (34) being allergic to ppda. mean age of patients allergic to ppda was 12.4 years, and 44.2% were male. there were 2 cases (5.9%) of atopic dermatitis. of the positive reactions, 73.5% were considered to be current clinically relevant. the sensitisation origin was a henna tattoo in 50% of cases. conclusion: ppda sensitisation is relatively common in the child and adolescent population. the most frequent origin is the performing of henna tattoos adulterated with ppda. adolescents are at the higher risk of developing acd due to henna tattoos. henna tattooing should be strongly discouraged in children. (c) 2016 asociacion espanola de pediatria. published by elsevier espana, s.l.u. all rights reserved.
atopic_dermatitis	vitiligo is a complex, systemic disease associated with many autoimmune and auto inflammatory conditions. additionally, the cutaneous changes of vitiligo have significant effects on quality of life and self-esteem. further efforts are needed to increase our understanding of vitiligo comorbidities as well as to increase awareness of the psychological effects of vitiligo.
atopic_dermatitis	context: dehydroxymethylepoxyquinomicin (dhmeq) which is originally developed as an analog of antibiotic epoxyquinomicin c is a specific and potent inhibitor of nf-kappa b and has been shown to possess promising potential as an anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor agent. objective: this study examines dhmeq 's effect on therapeutic potential for atopic dermatitis (ad)-like lesions. materials and methods: ad lesions were chronically induced by the repetitive and alternative application of 2,4-dinitrochlorobenzene (dncb) and oxazolone (ox) on ears in balb/c mice. the mice were then externally treated with dhmeq ointment. macroscopic and microscopic changes of the skin lesions were observed and recorded. results: dhmeq inhibited ear swelling and relieved clinical symptoms of the ad-like lesions induced by dncb/ox in balb/c mice. histopathology examination illustrated that it significantly decreased dncb/ox-induced epidermal thickness, the infiltration of inflammatory cells, and the count of mast cell. the elevated level of immunoglobulin e (ige) in serum and the mrna levels of interferon gamma (ifn-gamma), interleukin 4 (il-4) and il-13 in the ear tissues, were also suppressed by dhmeq. discussion and conclusion: this study indicated that dhmeq would be useful for the treatment of ad.
digestive_health	the study investigates the effects of a post-weaning water restriction on performance, nutrient digestibility, carcass traits and meat quality of 84-day-old rabbits. a total of 1388 weaned rabbits (35 days) were randomly divided into two groups on the basis of bw and sex. the two groups were fed the same diets ad libitum both in the post-weaning (35 to 60 days) and fattening (61 to 84 days) periods. in the post-weaning period, one group (al) also received drinking water ad libitum, whereas the other (wr) had a water restriction from 35 to 41 days 2 h/day; from 42 to 48 days 2.5 h/day; from 49 to 55 days 3 h/day; and from 56 to 60 days 4 h/day. during the fattening period, both groups had water-free access. individual live weights and feed intake per cage were recorded weekly for 32 cages randomly chosen per group (64 rabbits) to calculate the bw gain, feed intake and feed conversion ratio (fcr). the apparent digestibility values of nutrients were measured using acid-insoluble ash. carcass data were collected from 16 rabbits (8 males and 8 females) per group selected for similar final bw in both groups. mortality from 35 to 60 days was higher in the al group (10.1% v. 5.2%, for al and wr, respectively, p < 0.0001). bw gain was higher for the al group during both the post-weaning (+22.4%, p < 0.01) and the entire period (+7.5%, p < 0.05). water restriction reduced feed intake both in the post-weaning (-17.4%, p < 0.0001) and in the entire period (-9.9%, p < 0.05). during the fattening period, fcr was lower for the wr group (5.15 v. 5.75 g/g, for wr and al, respectively, p < 0.05). the apparent digestibilities of dry matter, organic matter, ndf, adf and cellulose were greater in the restricted rabbits (+4.7%, +4.5%, +10.2%, +18.8% and +12.8%, p < 0.01, p < 0.01, p < 0.05, p < 0.01, p < 0.05, respectively). perirenal and scapular fat percentages were higher in the al rabbits (+30.7% and +116.6%, p < 0.01 and p < 0.001, respectively). water restriction increased saturated fatty acids (c16:0, +12.9%, p < 0.05), lauroleic acid (c12:1, +75.0%, p < 0.01), n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (c20:5, +50.0%, p < 0.01 and c22:5, +16.6%, p < 0.05) and the n-3/n-6 ratio (+28.6%, p < 0.05). the applied water restriction between 35 and 60 days executed during the winter months improved the digestive health of rabbits, with no negative effects on carcass traits, or physical and chemical meat characteristics. however, from the animal welfare point of view, a water restriction can be criticized as a method to restrict feed intake.
digestive_health	as a dietary source, the foliage of eucalyptus spp. is low in available protein and carbohydrate while containing polyphenolic compounds that interfere with enzymatic digestion. to overcome this, the koala (phascolarctos cinereus) has evolved a range of anatomical and physiological adaptations to assist with digestion and absorption of nutrients from this food source. microbial fermentation of partially digested eucalyptus leaves is thought to be critical in this process, however, little is known about the composition and diversity of microorganisms that are associated with digestive health in this native species. in this study, we performed 16s rrna gene pyrosequencing of caecum, colon and faecal pellet samples from two wild, free ranging, queensland koalas. our results reveal a highly complex and diverse ecosystem with considerable intra-individual variation. although samples were dominated by sequences from the bacteroidetes and firmicutes phyla there was considerable variation at the genus level. this study is the first non-culture based microbiota analysis, using 454-amplicon pyrosequencing, and provides preliminary data to expand our understanding of the koala hindgut. (c) 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
digestive_health	background: gastrointestinal (gi) discomfort, e.g. bloating or rumbling, is a common symptom in otherwise healthy adults. approximately 20% of the population, particularly women suffer from gastrointestinal discomfort and this affects quality of life. recent studies discovered a link between the body and mind, called the gut-brain axis. psychosocial factors, such as e.g. daily stress may cause altered gut physiology leading to ileum contractions and consequently gastrointestinal symptoms. in vitro and ex vivo studies clearly showed that a perilla frutescens extract combines prokinetic, antispasmodic and anti-inflammatory effects. the aim of the intervention was to investigate the effects of the proprietary perilla extract on gi discomfort in healthy subjects with gastrointestinal discomfort and reduced bowel movements in comparison to a placebo product. methods: the pilot study was performed according to a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled parallel design. fifty healthy subjects with gastrointestinal discomfort and reduced bowel movements, 30-70 years, documented their gi symptoms, stool frequency and consistency daily during a 2-week run-in phase and a 4-week intervention phase with perilla frutescens extract or placebo. gi symptoms were assessed on a 5-point scale daily and average scores over 14 days intervals were calculated. results: all gi symptoms were significantly improved over time by perilla frutescens extract during the intervention phase (bloating: -0.44 +/- 0.56, p = 0.0003; passage of gas: -0.30 +/- 0.66, p = 0.0264; gi rumbling: -0.55 +/- 0.87, p = 0.0014; feeling of fullness: -0.36 +/- 0.72, p = 0.0152; abdominal discomfort: -0.54 +/- 0.75, p = 0.004), whereas in the placebo group only abdominal discomfort was significantly improved (-0.31 +/- 0.55, p = 0.0345). in the subgroup of women results were strengthened and a subscore out of bloating and abdominal discomfort was significantly improved against placebo (95% ci 0.003 to 0.77; p = 0.048). conclusion: the demonstrated effects of perilla frutescens extract to improve gi complaints offer very promising results, taking into consideration the challenging set up of a nutritional human study with healthy subjects and in the area of digestive health, which is known for high placebo effects.
digestive_health	ileus continues to be a common consequence of abdominal surgery, causing significant patient discomfort and often leading to more serious problems. the therapy available is limited, hence, ileus remains an important clinical problem. activation of inducible nitric oxide synthase (inos) directly modulates intestinal dysmotility after bowel manipulation and plays an essential role in initiating intestinal inflammation. nuclear factor (nf)-kappa b is known to be a critical component of inos gene transcriptional activation in response to inflammatory stimuli. bromelain is a crude extract from the pineapple stem, which is sold as a nutritional supplement to ""promote digestive health"" and as an anti-inflammatory medication in some developed countries. here, we have found that oral administration of bromelain improves decrease in defecation in abdominal postoperative rats. results showed that bromelain increased the wet weight, dry weight, water content and number of fecal pellets in laparotomized plus mechanically manipulated rats, suggesting improvement of postoperative ileus. furthermore, bromelain treatment inhibited overexpressed inos mrna and restored down-regulated inhibitor kappa b alpha mrna in the colon of the postoperative rats. from the in vitro experiments, bromelain inhibits lipopolysaccharide (lps)-induced nitrite overproduction in macrophage cell lines and lps-induced nf-kappa b luciferase reporter gene expression in raw264.7 macrophages transfected with nf-kappa b luciferase reporter gene. thus, our findings suggest that bromelain improves decrease in defecation in postoperative rats, at least in part, by inhibiting colonic inos overexpression via nf-kappa b pathway. our data indicates that bromelain may benefit patients with postoperative ileus. (c) 2005 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
digestive_health	the aims of this work were first to evaluate nutritional requirements of early weaned kits (23 days of age), more especially fibre (experiment 1) and protein (experiment 2) needs. in experiment 1, 276 early weaned rabbits were offered from 23 to 50 days of age one of the three experimental diets containing increasing acid-detergent fibre level (160, 190 or 220 g/kg). fibre was substituted by starch and fat to obtain three isoenergetic diets. in experiment 2, 306 early weaned rabbits were offered from 23 to 50 days of age one of the three experimental diets containing increasing crude protein (cp) level (150, 180 or 210 g/kg). protein was substituted by starch and fat to obtain three isoenergetic diets. these studies revealed no effect of the dietary fibre level and the dietary cp level on health status. but from 23 to 36 days of age rabbits given diets containing a fibre level over 190 g/kg or a cp level under 180 g/kg showed the lowest growth rate as compared with other respective treatments. secondly, this research aimed to evaluate the interaction between age at weaning (23 days or 35 days of age) and food (rd and ry diets) on digestive health and performances of young rabbits (experiment 3). rd diet was formulated to contain (per kg) 170 g starch, 160 g fibre and 180 g cp (according to the nutritional requirements of does) and ry diet was formulated to reach 110 g starch, 160 g fibre and 210 g cp (according to the results of experiments 1 and 2). 39 litters of nine pups per litter were assigned at 18 days of age to one of four experimental groups in a 2x2 factorial design: rd23 (no. =84 rabbits), ry23 (no. =85 rabbits), rd35 (no. =86 rabbits) and ry35 (no. =74 rabbits). food intake and live weight were not influenced by feeding strategy. between 23 and 35 days of age, mortality was higher in ry than in rd group (20 center dot 4 v. 6 center dot 8% respectively; p < 0 center dot 05). during this period growth rate was proportionately 0 center dot 584 higher in conventionally weaned than in early weaned rabbits ( p < 0 center dot 001). after 35 days of age, food intake and growth rate were proportionately 0 center dot 104 and 0 center dot 097 higher respectively in conventionally than in early weaned rabbits ( p < 0 center dot 05). consequently, live weight was higher in conventionally weaned rabbits at both 35 and 53 days of age (proportionately +0 center dot 113 and +0 center dot 267 respectively; p < 0 center dot 001). mortality rate between 23 and 35 days was 21 points higher ( p < 0 center dot 001) in early weaned than in conventionally weaned pups and 43 points higher ( p < 0 center dot 001) from 35 to 53 days of age. these data suggest that the removal of milk feeding by early weaning leads to detrimental effects on health and growth of the young, which were not compensated by a diet meeting better their nutritional needs.
healthy_sleep	aims and objectives to explore sleep quality in infertile women and examine the factors that contribute to sleep disturbances during intrauterine insemination treatment. background sleep disturbance is an important factor of human health and well-being. sleep disturbances tend to occur among infertile women during intrauterine insemination treatment. although many studies have focused on the high percentage of somatic symptoms and psychological distress in infertile women associated with their treatment, few studies have investigated factors linked to their sleep disturbances. design a cross-sectional study. methods the study was conducted during the period of september 2010-january 2011 in a teaching hospital in taiwan. infertile women (n=117) who received assisted reproduction with intrauterine insemination treatment completed a questionnaire. demographic data, somatic symptoms, psychological distress and perceived sleep quality were collected. results more than one-third (35%) of the infertile women reported having sleep disturbances. their nausea symptoms and psychological distress were risk factors that contributed to sleep disturbance. conclusions the variables of nausea and psychological distress significantly explained 30% of the sleep disturbances in the infertile women. the evaluation of nausea symptoms and/or psychological distress among infertile women is an important area of future research; such research should aim to identify the best compromise between infertility treatment and sleep quality. relevance to clinical practice clinical obstetrics and gynaecology nurses should develop strategies to help infertile women reduce their nausea symptoms and psychological distress during intrauterine insemination treatment to promote healthy sleep.
healthy_sleep	healthy sleep is essential in children 's cognitive, behavioral, and emotional development. however, remarkably little is known about the influence of sleep disorders on different memory processes in childhood. such data could give us a deeper insight into the effect of sleep on the developing brain and memory functions and how the relationship between sleep and memory changes from childhood to adulthood. in the present study we examined the effect of sleep disorder on declarative and non-declarative memory consolidation by testing children with sleep-disordered breathing (sdb) which is characterized by disrupted sleep structure. we used a story recall task to measure declarative memory and alternating serial reaction time (asrt) task to assess nondeclarative memory. this task enables us to measure two aspects of non-declarative memory, namely general motor skill learning and sequence-specific learning. there were two sessions: a learning phase and a testing phase, separated by a 12 h offline period with sleep. our data showed that children with sdb exhibited a generally lower declarative memory performance both in the learning and testing phase; however, both the sdb and control groups exhibited retention of the previously recalled items after the offline period. here we showed intact non declarative consolidation in sdb group in both sequence-specific and general motor skill. these findings suggest that sleep disorders in childhood have a differential effect on different memory processes (online vs. offline) and give us insight into how sleep disturbances affects developing brain.
healthy_sleep	study objectives: investigate whether a realistic ""dose"" of shortened sleep, relative to a well-rested state, causes a decline in adolescents' learning and an increase in inattentive and sleepy behaviors in a simulated classroom setting. methods: eighty-seven healthy 14.0- to 16.9-year olds underwent a 3-week sleep manipulation protocol, including two 5-night sleep manipulation conditions presented in a randomly counterbalanced within-subjects cross-over design. wake time was held constant. bedtimes were set to induce short sleep (ss; 6.5 hours in bed) versus healthy sleep (hs; 10 hours in bed). during the morning at the end of each condition, participants underwent a simulated classroom procedure in which they viewed lecture-based educational videotapes and completed relevant quizzes. their behaviors in the simulated classroom were later coded by condition-blind raters for evidence of inattention and sleepiness. results: adolescents had a longer average sleep period during hs (9.1 hours) than ss (6.5 hours). compared to scores during hs, adolescents scored significantly lower on the quiz, showed more behaviors suggestive of inattention and sleepiness in the simulated classroom, and were reported by adolescents themselves and by their parents to be more inattentive and sleepy during ss. however, the impact of the manipulation on quiz scores was not mediated by changes in attention or sleepiness. conclusions: although effect sizes were modest, these findings suggest that previously-reported correlations between sleep duration and academic performance reflect true cause-effect relationships. findings add to the growing evidence that the chronically shortened sleep experienced by many adolescents on school nights adversely impacts their functioning and health.
healthy_sleep	study objectives: several organizations have provided recommendations to ensure high school starts no sooner than 08:30. however, although there are plausible biological reasons to support such recommendations, published recommendations have been based largely on expert opinion and a few observational studies. we sought to perform a critical review of published evidence regarding the effect of high school start times on sleep and other relevant outcomes. methods: we performed a broad literature search to identify 287 candidate publications for inclusion in our review, which focused on studies offering direct comparison of sleep time, academic or physical performance, behavioral health measures, or motor vehicular accidents in high school students. where possible, outcomes were combined for meta-analysis. results: after application of study criteria, only 18 studies were suitable for review. eight studies were amenable to meta-analysis for some outcomes. we found that later school start times, particularly when compared with start times more than 60 min earlier, are associated with longer weekday sleep durations, lower weekday-weekend sleep duration differences, reduced vehicular accident rates, and reduced subjective daytime sleepiness. improvement in academic performance and behavioral issues is less established. conclusions: the literature regarding effect of school start time delays on important aspects of high school life suggests some salutary effects, but often the evidence is indirect, imprecise, or derived from cohorts of convenience, making the overall quality of evidence weak or very weak. this review highlights a need for higher-quality data upon which to base important and complex public health decisions.
healthy_sleep	objectives restrictions in sleep can have important adverse effects on health and job performance. we collected information about sleep from us healthcare workers to determine whether they had sleep difficulties. methods we used an internet-based survey to collect information on sleep patterns and sleep quality in healthcare workers at a tertiary care hospital. we classified these workers into short sleepers (<7 hours), normal sleepers (7-8 hours), and long sleepers (9 hours). we compared these three groups using simple descriptive statistics. we used logistic regression to identify factors associated with short sleep times. results of 3012 questionnaires distributed, 376 healthcare workers (12.5%) replied to this survey. the median age was 38 years, the median body mass index was 28 kg/m(2), and 76% were women. the median sleep duration on weekdays was 7 hours. sixty-nine respondents (18.4%) were short sleepers, 269 of the respondents (71.5%) were normal sleepers, and 38 respondents (10.1%) were long sleepers. a total of 113 (30.1%) had sleep difficulties more than 50% of the time and 140 respondents (37.3%) were bothered by lack of energy from poor sleep. short sleepers were less likely than other types of sleepers to have normal bedtimes and regular mealtimes. eighty-four respondents (22.3%) went to bed between 2 am and 2 pm. these workers were younger; slept less on the weekdays and weekends; and reported more difficulty with sleeping, feeling depressed, overconsumption of alcoholic beverages, and personal stressors. conclusions most healthcare workers have healthy sleep patterns; however, many workers have poor sleep quality. workers with odd bedtimes have abnormal sleep patterns and abnormal sleep quality; these workers need additional evaluation to understand the causes and consequences of their sleep patterns.
anxiety	relationships with parents and friends are important contexts for developing romantic relationship skills. parents and friends may influence both the timing of involvement and the quality of romantic relationships. three models of the joint influence of parents and friends (direct effects model, mediation model, and moderator model) have been proposed. the present study uses data from a longitudinal study (n = 1012; 49.8% female; 81.1% caucasian) to examine how attachment and friendship quality at age 10 years predict romantic relationship involvement and quality at ages 12 and 15 years. the results supported the direct effects model, with attachment and friendship quality uniquely predicting different romantic relationship outcomes. the findings provide further support for the important influence of family and friends on early romantic relationships.
anxiety	the entire himalayan region is prone to disasters, with many people being vulnerable to hydroclimatic threats such as extreme rainfall-driven floods, glacial lake outburst floods (glofs), landslide lake outburst floods (llofs), and landslides triggered by rainfall. landslides and floods are related, as the former cause the lakes that burst, and floods can undercut slopes and cause landslides. during the past 200 years, landslides and floods caused by llofs in the garhwal himalaya have occurred in 1894,1970, and 1978; but the most disastrous event, in terms of loss of life and economic impact, occurred in june 2013, which was a result of extreme rainfall in the higher himalaya and breaching of a moraine-dammed lake, very short-lived llofs, and rainfall-induced runoff and landslides. outmigration from the area as a result of the 2013 event has caused anxiety about the future of the economy and also concerns about security of a state that has an international border. as a contribution to planning and reconstruction to secure the livelihoods of the local people and to entice migrants to return, this paper identifies zones in the mandakini valley susceptible to landslides using a 'weights of evidence' approach. the roles of climate, geology, and geomorphology of the valley are also given attention to explain the reasons for the disastrous event of june 2013. the results of the research presented here may be an important input to disaster governance. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
anxiety	we investigated the role of self-focused attention (sfa) in social anxiety (disorder) in an ecologically valid way. in experiment 1 high (n = 26) versus low (n = 25) socially anxious single women between 18 and 30 years had a video (""slcype"") conversation with an attractive male confederate, while seeing themselves and the confederate on-screen. the conversation was divided in four phases: (i) warm-up, (ii) positive (confederate was friendly to the participant), (iii) critical (confederate was critical to the participant), and (iv) active (participant was instructed to ask questions to the confederate). participant 's sfa was measured by eye-tracked gaze duration at their own image relative to the confederates' video image and other places at the computer screen. results show that high socially anxious participants were more self-focused in the critical phase, but less self-focused in the active phase than low socially anxious participants. in experiment 2 women diagnosed with sad (n = 32) and controls (n = 30) between 18 and 30 years conducted the same experiment. compared to controls participants with sad showed increased sfa across all four phases of the conversation, and sfa predicted increased self-rated anxiety during the conversation. in conclusion, in subclinical social anxiety sfa is high only when the interaction partner is critical, whereas instructions to ask questions to the confederate reduces subclinical socially anxious' sfa, while clinical sad is characterized by heightened self-focused attention throughout the interaction. results support theories that social anxiety disorder is maintained by sfa, and imply that interventions that lower sfa may help prevent and treat social anxiety disorder, but that sfa can also be adaptive in certain types of interaction, such as when receiving compliments. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
anxiety	introductionthis study examined the relationships between changes in symptoms and changes in quality of life (qol) during cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) for panic disorder (pd). methodswe treated 198 pd patients with group cbt in japan. using multiple regression analysis, we examined the associations between changes in qol and changes in pd symptoms or comorbid psychological symptoms during cbt. resultschanges in anticipatory anxiety, agoraphobic fear/avoidance, and somatization were significant predictors of changes in some aspects of qol. discussionit might be useful to decrease somatization, anticipatory anxiety, and agoraphobic fear to improve qol in cbt for pd.
anxiety	a neurochemical target at which cannabinoids interact to have global effects on behavior is brain noradrenergic circuitry. acute and repeated administration of a cannabinoid receptor synthetic agonist is capable of increasing multiple indices of noradrenergic activity. this includes cannabinoid-induced 1) increases in norepinephrine (ne) release in the medial prefrontal cortex (mpfc); 2) desensitization of cortical alpha 2-adrenoceptor-mediated effects; 3) activation of c-fos in brainstem locus coeruleus (lc) noradrenergic neurons; and 4) increases in anxiety like behaviors. in the present study, we sought to examine adaptations in adrenoceptor expression and function under conditions of cannabinoid receptor type 1 (cb1r) deletion using knockout (ko) mice and compare these to wild type (wt) controls. electrophysiological analysis of alpha 2-adrenoceptor-mediated responses in mpfc slices in wt mice showed a clonidine-induced a2-adrenoceptor-mediated increase in mpfc cell excitability coupled with an increase in input resistance. in contrast, cb1r ko mice showed an alpha 2-adrenoceptor-mediated decrease in mpfc cell excitability. we then examined protein expression levels of alpha 2- and beta 1-adrenoceptor subtypes in the mpfc as well as th expression in the locus coeruleus (lc) of mice deficient in cb1r. both alpha 2- and inadrenoceptors exhibited a significant decrease in expression levels in cb1r ko mice when compared to wt in the mpfc, while a significant increase in th was observed in the lc. to better define whether the same cortical neurons express alpha 2a-adrenoceptor and cb1r in mpfc, we utilized high-resolution immunoelectron microscopy. we localized alpha 2a-adrenoceptors in a knock-in mouse that expressed a hemoagglutinin (ha) tag downstream of the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor promoter. although the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor was often identifiedpre-synaptically, we observed co-localization of cb1r with alpha 2-adrenoceptors post-synaptically in the same mpfc neurons. finally, using receptor binding, we confirmed prior results showing that alpha 2a-adrenoceptor is unchanged in mpfc following acute or chronic exposure to the synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonist, win 55,212-2, but is increased, following chronic treatment followed by a period of abstinence. taken together, these data provide convergent lines of evidence indicating cannabinoid regulation of the cortical adrenergic system. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
psoriasis	the relative genetic and immune protection against melanoma and nonmelanoma skin cancers in those with vitiligo is reassuring. the results of recent studies allow us to be cautiously optimistic when discussing the risk of skin cancer caused by therapeutic exposure to narrow-band ultraviolet b light. however, we should continue to recommend sun protection at all other times to avoid burning in vitiliginous skin and to decrease incidental ultraviolet exposure. it is also important to perform full skin checks regularly in light of the prolonged courses of phototherapy required to repigment vitiliginous skin and maintain repigmentation thereafter.
psoriasis	background: psoriasis is a chronic condition with negative impact on patients' quality of life that most often requires lifelong effective and safe treatment. objective: this analysis focused on the effect of secukinumab treatment on patient-reported health-related quality of life as assessed by the dermatology life quality index (dlqi) in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. methods: the proportion of subjects achieving dlqi score 0/1 response at week 24, time to dlqi score 0/1 response, and sustained dlqi score 0/1 response up to week 52 were compared between secukinumab and etanercept. results: of 1470 subjects, 1144 received secukinumab and 326 received etanercept. dlqi score 0/1 response rates were significantly higher for secukinumab than for etanercept at week 24. the median time to dlqi score 0/1 response was significantly shorter for secukinumab versus etanercept (12 vs 24 weeks; p < .01). the majority of secukinumab-treated subjects achieved dlqi score 0/1 response at week 24 and sustained it through week 52 along with a 90% to 100% reduction in the psoriasis area and severity index total score response. limitations: placebo comparisons are limited during the maintenance period because of rerandomization at week 12. conclusion: secukinumab treatment provided faster and greater sustained improvements in quality of life than etanercept over 52 weeks, consistent with greater clinical response.
psoriasis	psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease with profound effects on patients' health-related quality of life (hrqol). twenty-nine patients with plaque psoriasis and a history of streptococcal-associated psoriasis exacerbations were randomly assigned to tonsillectomy (n = 15) or control (n = 14) groups and followed for 24 months. patients were evaluated with the psoriasis disability index, psoriasis life stress inventory and psoriasis area and severity index. hrqol and psoriasis-related stress improved significantly in the tonsillectomy group compared with the control group (p = 0.037 and p = 0.002, respectively), with a mean 50% improvement in hrqol and a mean 59% improvement in psoriasis-induced stress. clinical improvement correlated significantly with improved hrqol (r = 0.297, p = 0.008) and psoriasis-related stress (r = 0.310, p = 0.005). of the tonsillectomized patients, 87% concluded that the procedure was worthwhile. tonsillectomy may improve quality of life for selected patients with plaque psoriasis.
psoriasis	the proinflammatory cytokine il-36. is highly expressed in epithelial cells and is a pivotal mediator of epithelial inflammation. in particular, il-36. is strongly associated with the inflammatory skin disease psoriasis. as with other il-1 cytokines, il-36. is expressed as an inactive precursor and must be processed by specific proteases to become bioactive. our aim therefore was to identify protease/s capable of il-36. activation and explore the importance of this activation in psoriasis. using a keratinocyte-based activity assay in conjunction with small-molecule inhibitors and sirna gene silencing, cathepsin s was identified as the major il-36 gamma-activating protease expressed by epithelial cells. interestingly, cathepsin s activity was strongly up-regulated in samples extracted from psoriasis patients relative to healthy controls. in addition, il-36 gamma-ser18, identified as the main product of cathepsin s-dependent il-36. cleavage, induced psoriasiform changes in human skin-equivalent models. together, these data provide important mechanistic insights into the activation of il-36. and highlight that cathepsin s-mediated activation of il-36. may be important in the development of numerous il36 gamma-driven pathologies, in addition to psoriasis.
psoriasis	background: psoriasis vulgaris is characterized by disfiguring and stigmatizing skin lesions. the links among lesions distribution, severity, and stigmatization remain unclear. objective: we sought to investigate if the involvement of visible and sensitive areas is linked to stigmatization. methods: in all, 115 patients with psoriasis vulgaris were assessed for disease severity, skin lesions distribution, itch, and stigmatization using the feelings of stigmatization questionnaire. quality of life was assessed with the dermatology life quality index and the world health organization quality of life-bref. results: the localization of psoriatic lesions on the back of hands was related to higher stigmatization levels (p = .011, total score of the feelings of stigmatization questionnaire), but not the involvement of nails, the palms, the face, or the genital area nor overall disease severity. all patients reported some level of stigmatization, regardless of the localization of lesions and type of psoriasis. higher levels of stigmatization characterized patients who claimed not to be able to hide their lesions by clothing (p = .025), women (p = .001), and the unemployed (p = .004). stigmatization was the strongest predictor of quality of life impairment. limitations: only hospitalized patients were included. conclusions: psoriatic lesions on the back of hands are debilitating and warrant effective treatment. special attention should be paid to female patients, who are more sensitive to stigmatization.
ankylosing_spondylitis	objective. neck pain is common in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and ankylosing spondylitis (as). we investigated the correlation of bone marrow edema (bme) on magnetic resonance imaging (mri) in ra and as and its association with clinical complaints of neck pain. methods. cervical spine short-tau inversion recovery-mri and t1w-mri of 34 patients with ra and 6 patients with as complaining about neck pain were obtained. clinical and laboratory data were available. bme was scored by 2 blinded readers using a modification of a published score, including various cervical sites. degenerative changes were also quantified. results. patients were predominantly women (82.5%), and mean +/- sd age was 57.5 +/- 11.8 years, c-reactive protein (crp) was 0.8 +/- 1.3 mg/dl, and pain score was 46.0 +/- 17.5. bme was detected in 24/40 patients (60%) involving the atlantoaxial region (21%), vertebral bodies (75%), facet joints (29%), and spinous processes (46%). degenerative changes were identified in 21/40 patients (52.5%), 13 (62%) of whom also had bme in vertebral bodies. no differences were found between patients with versus without cervical bme for clinical assessments: numeric rating scale pain (median +/- interquartile range) 5.5 +/- 3.0 vs 6.0 +/- 4.0 (p = 0.69), funktionsfragebogen hannover 68.2 +/- 41.0 vs 42.0 +/- 55.5 (p = 0.19), northwick pain score 44.4 +/- 21.8 vs 47.2 +/- 27.0 (p = 0.83), or crp 0.40 +/- 0.80 vs 0.60 +/- 0.66 (p = 0.94). for patients with degenerative changes, symptom duration was longer than for patients without (10 +/- 12.5 vs 5.0 +/- 18.0 yrs, p = 0.73). conclusion. in this small study of patients with ra and as complaining about neck pain, bme was found in many different cervical sites, including the facet joints and the spinous processes. however, the occurrence and severity of bme did not correlate with the severity of neck pain.
ankylosing_spondylitis	background: ankylosing spondylitis (as) is a chronic inflammatory disease mainly affecting the spine and sacroiliac joints. macrophage migration inhibitory (mif) factor is a regulatory cytokine that inhibits random immune cell migration. mif gene promoter polymorphisms play a role in the progression of several inflammatory disorders. aims: to investigate the relationship between the mif gene -173 g/c single-nucleotide polymorphism (snp) and as. study design: cross-sectional study. methods: in this study, a total of 161 as and 194 normal controls were recruited. the mif gene -173 g/c snp was analyzed by polymerase chain reaction using the restriction fragment length polymorphism method. results: there was no significant difference between groups in terms of genotype distribution (p>0.05). when wild-type g/g and g/c+ c/c genotypes are compared in terms of clinical characteristics, there is a significant difference between the average age and the duration of disease in as patients (p<0.05). conclusion: no significant relationship between as disease and mif -173 g/c polymorphism was found. mif -173 g/c polymorphism (c allele) may affect the time of onset and the duration of disease in as patients.
ankylosing_spondylitis	rheumatoid patients with injuries are treated by orthopaedic rheumatologists as well as trauma surgeons. surgeons must take account of numerous factors that influence the treatment of this special patient population, e. g. immunosuppressive drugs, severe osteoporosis, atrophy of the skin, subcutaneous fat and muscles joint instability and arteriosclerosis. this requires knowledge in immunology, pharmacology and the entire spectrum of internal medicine, as well as special care in the treatment of vulnerable tissues. in polytrauma patients with inflammatory diseases, rheuma toid serositis may be misinterpreted with a lethal outcome. because of the high lethality, vertebral fractures related to ankylosing spondylitis have to be treated very carefully. instability of the cervical spine, especially the atlantooccipital and atlantoaxial joints, is common in long-standing rheumatoid arthritis, and manipulation of the cervical spine may lead to cervical cord injury with respiratory arrest.
ankylosing_spondylitis	rheumatoid arthritis (ra) is a chronic autoimmune disease with significant morbidity, mortality, and costs for the individual patient and for society. the purpose of this study was to examine welfare costs in patients with ra including their partners before and after initial diagnosis. data were collected from population-based registers in the period from 1998 to 2009. a total of 25,547 danish patients with a diagnosis of ra and 15,660 of their partners were identified and compared with 101,755 randomly selected age- and gender-matched controls and 62,681 control partners. the direct and indirect costs were calculated for patients and their partners and compared to matched controls. these included inpatient and outpatient treatment, medication, income from employment and social transfer payments. patients with ra had statistically significantly more inpatient and outpatient costs than control subjects, i.e., treatment (a,notsign346 vs. a,notsign211), hospitalization (a,notsign1261 vs. a,notsign778), and medication use (a,notsign654 vs. a,notsign393). the costs associated with the patients were present 11 years before diagnosis of ra (a,notsign1592) compared with control subjects (a,notsign1172). furthermore, income from employment was lower for patients (a,notsign14,023) than for control subjects (a,notsign17,196). being a partner to a patient with ra was associated with high total welfare costs. this register-based study shows that ra has significant welfare costs for patients, their partners, and society. the differences in total health costs exist up to 11 years before the diagnosis of ra is established.
ankylosing_spondylitis	the short form 36 health survey (sf-36) is a popular health-related quality of life (hrqol) tool. however, few studies have assessed its psychometric properties in patients with spondyloarthritis (spa). we therefore aimed to assess the reliability and validity of the sf-36 in patients with spa in singapore. cross-sectional data from a registry of 196 spa patients recruited from a dedicated tertiary referral clinic in singapore from 2011 to 2014 was used. analyses were guided by the consensus-based standards for the selection of health measurement instruments framework. internal consistency reliability was assessed using cronbach 's alpha. construct validity was assessed through 33 a priori hypotheses by correlations of the eight subscales and two summary scores of sf-36 with other health outcomes. known-group construct validity was assessed by comparison of the means of the subscales and summary scores of the sf-36 of spa patients and the general population of singapore using student 's t tests. among 196 patients (155 males (79.0 %), median (range) age: 36 (17-70), 166 chinese (84.6 %)), sf-36 scales showed high internal consistency ranging from 0.88 to 0.90. convergent construct validity was supported as shown by fulfillment of all hypotheses. divergent construct validity was supported, as sf-36 mcs was not associated with pga, pain and haq. known-group construct validity showed spa patients had lower scores of 3.8-12.5 when compared to the general population at p < 0.001. this study supports the sf-36 as a valid and reliable measure of hrqol for use in patients with spa at a single time point.
children's_health	introduction. the fractional concentration of exhaled nitric oxide (feno) is a biomarker of airway inflammation. repeat feno maneuvers at multiple fixed exhalation flow rates (extendednoanalysis) can be used to estimate parameters quantifying proximal and distal sources of no in mathematical models of lower respiratory tract no. a growing number of studies use extendednoanalysis, but there is no official standard flow rate sampling protocol. in this paper, we provide information for study planning by deriving theoretically optimal flow rate sampling designs. methods. first, we reviewed previously published designs. then, under a nonlinear regression framework for estimating no parameters in the steady-state two compartment model of no, we identified unbiased optimal four flow rate designs (within the range of 10-400 ml s(-1)) using theoretical derivations and simulation studies. optimality criteria included no parameter standard errors (ses). asimulation study was used to estimate sample sizes required to detect associations with no parameters estimated from studies with different designs. results. most designs (77%) were unbiased. noparameter ses were smaller for designs with: more target flows, more replicate maneuvers per target flow, and a larger range of target flows. high flows were most important for estimating alveolar no concentration, while low flows were most important for the proximal no parameters. the southern california children 's health study design (30, 50, 100 and 300 ml s(-1)) had. 1.8 fold larger ses and required 1.1-3.2 fold more subjects to detect the association of a determinant with each no parameter as compared to an optimal design of 10, 50, 100 and 400 ml s(-1). conclusions. there is a class of reasonable flow rate sampling designs with good theoretical performance. in practice, designs should be selected to balance the tradeoffs between optimality and feasibility of the flow range and total number of maneuvers.
children's_health	background: school nurses can provide direct services for children with asthma, educate, and reinforce treatment recommendations to children and their families, and coordinate the school-wide response to students' asthma emergencies. unfortunately, school-based health services today depend on an unreliable patchwork of funding. limited state and local funds lead to extremely low nurse-to-student ratios, resulting in missed opportunities for prevention and care of asthma and other health conditions. methods: we carried out a nonsystematic review of legal, government, private health foundation, and medical literature. results: many health services for asthma and other conditions provided in school settings are services typically covered by medicaid and the children 's health insurance program (chip) when offered in other settings. however, complex reimbursement rules, questionable policy guidance establishing a ""free care rule,'' and other barriers have limited the ability of schools to seek medicaid/chip reimbursement for these services. recent legal developments may help overcome some of these barriers, and new flexibilities in medicaid law bring opportunities for increased reimbursement of school-based health services. conclusions: policymakers should call on the centers for medicare and medicaid services to abandon the ""free care rule'' and issue other guidance that would enable schools to appropriately obtain medicaid reimbursement for nursing services.
children's_health	e-waste recycling has become a global environmental health issue. pernicious chemicals escape into the environment due to informal and nonstandard e-waste recycling activities involving manual dismantling, open burning to recover heavy metals and open dumping of residual fractions. heavy metals derived from electronic waste (e-waste), such as, lead (pb), cadmium (cd), chromium (cr), manganese (mn), nickel (ni), mercury (hg), arsenic (as), copper (cu), zinc (zn), aluminum (al) and cobalt (co), differ in their chemical composition, reaction properties, distribution, metabolism, excretion and biological transmission. our previous studies showed that heavy metal exposure have adverse effects on children 's health including lower birth weight, lower anogenital distance, lower apgar scores, lower current weight, lower lung function, lower hepatitis b surface antibody levels, higher prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and higher dna and chromosome damage. heavy metals influence a number of diverse systems and organs, resulting in both acute and chronic effects on children 's health, ranging from minor upper respiratory irritation to chronic respiratory, cardiovascular, nervous, urinary and reproductive disease, as well as aggravation of pre-existing symptoms and disease. these effects of heavy metals on children 's health are briefly discussed. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
children's_health	background: higher levels of parental stress have long-term effects on children 's health and could lead to dysfunction in the parent-child interaction. different background factors can be predictors of high parental stress. aim: the aim of this study was to examine parental stress among swedish women and identify different factors linked to women 's parental stress. method: about 702 women were recruited to a clinical study and followed up six months after birth. data were collected by two questionnaires, and 279 women completed the swedish parental stress questionnaire (spsq). findings: less than very good mental health and depressive symptoms after birth were strongly associated with parental stress, and the strongest association was found between post-partum depressive symptoms and high levels of stress in the subscale incompetence. multiparity was associated with high stress in two subscales, and lower level of education was a protective factor for stress in nearly all subscales. conclusions: depressive symptoms and perceived poor mental health post-partum are the most important factors related to high parental stress. the results point to the importance of identifying and supporting mothers with depressive symptoms, since these women have both mental illness and increased stress.
children's_health	objectives. our objective is to contribute to the literature regarding the association between immigrant children 's health, their ethnicity and their living in neighbourhoods with a high ethnic concentration of one 's own ethnicity. using data from families from five ethnic groups who all immigrated to vancouver metropolitan region in canada, our research question asks: how ethnicity, ethnic concentration and living in a neighbourhood with others of the same ethnic background contribute to the health of immigrant children?design. two data sets are integrated in our study. the first is the new canadian children and youth study, which collected original data from five ethnic groups who immigrated to metropolitan vancouver. the second data set, from which we derived neighbourhood data, is the canadian census. the dependent variable is health status as reported by the parent. independent variables are at both the individual and neighbourhood levels, including ethnicity, sex and the percentage of people living in the neighbourhood of the same ethnic background. analysis was completed using hierarchical linear modelling.results. children (n=759) from 24 neighbourhoods were included in the analyses. health status varied by ethnicity and ethnic concentration, indicating the heterogeneity of immigrant populations.conclusion. with the lack of research on the health of immigrant children and youth living in ethnic concentrations, our findings make an important contribution to understanding the influences on the well-being of immigrant populations.
stress_management	objective: this study assessed positive changes in patients with advanced colorectal cancer and their family caregivers following diagnosis. we compared self-reported positive changes within patient-caregiver dyads as well as self-reports and patient reports of positive changes in caregivers. design: individual, semi-structured qualitative interviews were conducted with 23 patients with advanced colorectal cancer and 23 caregivers. a theoretical thematic analysis of interview transcripts was framed by posttraumatic growth theory. results: patients and caregivers described five positive changes: closer relationships with others, greater appreciation of life, clarifying life priorities, increased faith, and more empathy for others. additionally, only caregivers reported better health habits following the cancer diagnosis, and a minority of patients and caregivers reported no positive changes. in about half of cases, patients reported at least one positive change that was identical to that of their caregiver. however, in most cases, patient and caregiver reports of the caregiver 's positive change were discrepant. conclusion: findings suggest that positive changes are a shared experience for many patient-caregiver dyads and obtaining both patient and caregiver reports of caregiver positive changes provides a more comprehensive understanding of their experience. interventions may capitalise on positive changes to promote meaningful living in the context of advanced cancer.
stress_management	health care workers in the community mental health (mh) and alcohol and other drugs (aod) sectors face complex psychological issues that exact a heavy emotional toll. burnout is a significant risk for these workers. stress management, developing effective work practices and the implementation of burnout interventions are crucial in both engaging and retaining staff. the present study (non-randomized) investigates the effects of a targeted 6-week emotion regulation and mindfulness training program (ceb) in educators and mental health workers. participants who completed ceb training (n = 20) demonstrated a significant improvement in mindfulness and a significant increase in emotional awareness when compared to the control group (n = 20). assessments were made at baseline, directly after training (in ceb trained group only) and at 6 months post training completion. this change persisted at 6 months after completing the training. these results suggest that embedding ceb training within a higher education curriculum may have a long-term positive impact on students and health care workers planning to enter the mh aod sector. further research is required. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
stress_management	in the transactional model of stress, coping responses are the key to preventing the stress response. in this study, the possible role of psychological well-being as a personal determinant of coping strategies in the academic context was analyzed. specifically, the study has two objectives: (a) to identify different profiles of students according to their level of psychological well-being; and (b) to analyze the differences between these profiles in the use of three coping strategies (positive reappraisal, support seeking, and planning). age, gender, and degree were estimated as covariables. a total of 1,072 university students participated in the study. latent profile analysis was applied to four indices of psychological well-being: self-acceptance, environmental mastery, purpose in life, and personal growth. an optimal four-profile solution, reflecting significant incremental shifts from low to very high psychological well-being, was obtained. as predicted, the profile membership distinguished between participants in positive reappraisal, support-seeking, and planning. importantly, the higher the profile of psychological well-being was, the higher the use of the three coping strategies. gender differences in coping strategies were observed, but no interaction effects with psychological well-being were found. age and degree were not relevant in explaining the use of coping strategies. these results suggest that psychological well-being stands as an important personal resource to favor adaptive coping strategies for academic stress.
stress_management	chromium (cr) is considered to be one of the major environmental hazards and poses a threat to both plant and animal health. selenium (se), however, has been recognized as an essential micronutrient in plants. to understand the role of se(vi) in oxidative stress management and regulation of antioxidative defence mechanism against heavy metal stress, the seedlings of brassica juncea l. were raised in petri plates containing nutrient media supplemented with only with se(vi) and cr(vi), or their combination. it was observed that of cr(vi) causes an increase in reactive oxygen species (ros) in the seedlings leading to oxidative stress. histological studies using confocal and visible microscopy confirmed the biochemical results. supplementation of up to 4 mu m of se(vi) to media containing 300 mu m of cr(vi) reduced the contents of ros and increased enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants in the seedlings. at a concentration of 6 mu m, however, se(vi) was toxic. the results suggested that at appropriate concentrations, the exogenous application of se(vi) enabled the b. juncea seedlings to counteract the effects of cr(vi), thereby increasing the resistance of plants.
stress_management	background: breast cancer preventive behaviors have an extreme effect on women 's health. despite the benefits of preventive behaviors regarding breast cancer, they have not been implemented as routine care for healthy women. to assess this health issue, a reliable and valid scale is needed. the aim of the present study is to develop and examine the psychometric properties of a new scale, called the assists, in order to identify factors that affect women 's breast cancer prevention behaviors. methods: a multi-phase instrument development method was performed to develop the questionnaire from february 2012 to september 2014. the item pool was generated based on secondary analyses of previous qualitative data. then, content and face validity were applied to provide a pre-final version of the scale. the scale validation was conducted with a sample of women recruited from health centers affiliated with tehran university of medical sciences. the construct validity (both exploratory and confirmatory), convergent validity, discriminate validity, internal consistency reliability and test-retest analysis of the questionnaire were tested. results: fifty-eight items were initially extracted from the secondary analysis of previous qualitative data. after content validity, this was reduced to 49 items. the exploratory factor analysis revealed seven factors (attitude, supportive systems, self-efficacy, information seeking, stress management, stimulant and self-care) containing 33 items that jointly accounted for 60.62 % of the observed variance. the confirmatory factor analysis showed a model with appropriate fitness for the data. the cronbach 's alpha coefficient for the subscales ranged from 0.68 to 0.85, and the intraclass correlation coefficient (icc) ranged from 0.71 to 0.98; which is well above the acceptable thresholds. conclusion: the findings showed that the designed questionnaire was a valid and reliable instrument for assessing factors affecting women 's breast cancer prevention behaviors that can be used both in practice and in future studies.
hiv_aids	background: due to the popularity of public service announcements (psas), as well as the broader health and social harms associated with illicit drug use, this study sought to investigate how drug prevention messages found in the government of canada 's drugsnot4me campaign were understood, experienced, and engaged with among a group of street-involved young people in vancouver, canada. methods: qualitative interviews were conducted with 25 individuals enrolled in the at-risk youth study, and a thematic analysis was conducted. results: findings indicate that the campaign 's messages neither resonated with ""at-risk youth"", nor provided information or resources for support. in some cases, the messaging exacerbated the social suffering experienced by these individuals. conclusions: this study underscores the importance of rigorous evaluation of psas and the need to consider diverting funds allocated to drug prevention campaigns to social services that can meaningfully address the structural drivers of drug-related harms among vulnerable youth populations.
hiv_aids	objectives: the aim of this study was to compare plasma biomarkers of coagulation between hiv-infected individuals and hiv-uninfected controls and to assess the impact of disturbances in coagulation on neurocognitive functioning in hiv. design: a cross-sectional study of 66 antiretroviral therapy treated, virally suppressed, hiv-infected and 34 hiv-uninfected older (>= 50 years of age) adults. methods: participants completed standardized neurobehavioral and neuromedical assessments. neurocognitive functioning was evaluated using a well validated comprehensive neuropsychological battery. plasma biomarkers associated with procoagulation (fibrinogen, p-selectin, tissue factor and von willebrand factor), anticoagulation (antithrombin, protein c and thrombomodulin), fibrinolysis (d-dimer, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and plasminogen) were collected. multivariable linear regression was used to test the interaction of hiv and coagulation on neurocognitive functioning. results: most participants were male (78.0%) and non-hispanic white (73.0%) with a mean age of 57.8 years. among hiv-infected participants, mean estimated duration of hiv infection was 19.4 years and median current cd4(+) cell count was 654 cells/ ml. levels of soluble biomarkers of procoagulation, anticoagulation and fibrinolysis were comparable between the hiv serostatus groups. coagulation and hiv had an interacting effect on neurocognitive functioning, such that greater coagulation imbalance was associated with poorer neurocognitive functioning among the hiv-infected participants. the moderating effect of coagulation on neurocognition was driven by procoagulant but not anticoagulant or fibrinolytic biomarkers. conclusions: elevated levels of procoagulants may exert a particularly detrimental effect on neurocognitive functioning among older hiv-infected persons. a better understanding of the specific role of coagulation in the cause of hiv-associated neurocognitive disorders may lead to treatments aimed at reducing coagulopathy, thereby improving neurocognitive outcomes. copyright (c) 2017 wolters kluwer health, inc. all rights reserved.
hiv_aids	background: supervised injection facilities (sifs) are legally sanctioned environments for people to inject drugs under medical supervision. sifs currently operate in ten countries, but to date, no sif has been opened in the usa. in light of increasing overdose mortality in the usa, this study evaluated willingness to use a sif among youth who report non-medical prescription opioid (nmpo) use. methods: between january 2015 and february 2016, youth with recent nmpo use were recruited to participate in the rhode island young adult prescription drug study (rapids). we explored factors associated with willingness to use a sif among participants who had injected drugs or were at risk of initiating injection drug use (defined as having a sex partner who injects drugs or having a close friend who injects). results: among 54 eligible participants, the median age was 26 (iqr = 24-28), 70.4% were male, and 74.1% were white. among all participants, when asked if they would use a sif, 63.0% answered ""yes"", 31.5% answered ""no"", and 5. 6% were unsure. among the 31 participants reporting injection drug use in the last six months, 27 (87.1%) reported willingness to use a sif; 15 of the 19 (78.9%) who injected less than daily reported willingness, while all 12 (100.0%) of the participants who injected daily reported willingness. compared to participants who were unwilling or were unsure, participants willing to use a sif were also more likely to have been homeless in the last six months, have accidentally overdosed, have used heroin, have used fentanyl non-medically, and typically use prescription opioids alone. conclusions: among young adults who use prescription opioids non-medically and inject drugs or are at risk of initiating injection drug use, more than six in ten reported willingness to use a sif. established risk factors for overdose, including homelessness, history of overdose, daily injection drug use, heroin use, and fentanyl misuse, were associated with higher sif acceptability, indicating that young people at the highest risk of overdose might ultimately be the same individuals to use the facility. supervised injection facilities merit consideration to reduce overdose mortality in the usa.
hiv_aids	in recent years, the ugandan government has proposed a number of laws that attempt to control the sexual conduct of the ugandan population. the much-debated anti-homosexuality bill, signed by museveni in february 2014 but overturned on constitutional grounds in august 2014, is only the most well-known. further examples include legal measures related to hiv/aids, defilement, prostitution, and pornography. this article analyzes why and in which contexts these laws and recent public debates on sexuality have emerged and what consequences they entail. i argue that they must be seen in relation to ongoing power struggles at the local and national level - between men and women, youth and elders, state, and citizens. based on discourse analysis and drawing on ethnographic fieldwork, i show how both state and non-state actors exploit popular concerns about recent processes of social change and instrumentalize sexuality' to extend their control and reinforce a normative order based on patriarchal values.
hiv_aids	the hiv-aids epidemic has provided one of the more challenging problems in treatment of infectious diseases. as antiretroviral drugs made a very marked improvement in controlling the immunodeficiency state and patients gained in their longevity, the concern with lipid abnormalities came to the fore. the initial drugs produced a form of metabolic syndrome accompanied by very elevated plasma triglyceride concentrations. furthermore, the drugs used to control the virus were often metabolized in a manner that interfered with lipid lowering drug therapy. the antiviral agents have improved in many respects and the experience in managing the lipid disorders has added greatly to our ability to control these problems as well. this roundtable discussion has been conducted with 4 physicians who have been involved in management of large cohorts of patients with hiv infection and who have had a special interest in reduction of vascular disease risk. (c) 2016 national lipid association. all rights reserved.
migraine	objectiveto investigate differences in topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps of the scalp between patients with migraine and healthy controls considering the chronicity (episodic/chronic) and side (strictly unilateral/bilateral) of the symptoms. backgroundit seems that the trigeminal area is sensitized in migraine. no study has investigated topographical pressure sensitivity maps of the scalp in patients with migraine. methodspressure pain thresholds (ppts) were assessed from 21 points distributed over the scalp in 86 patients with episodic migraine, 76 with chronic migraine, and 42 healthy age and matched healthy controls in a blinded design. topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps based on interpolation of the ppts were constructed. clinical features of migraine, anxiety, and depression (hospital anxiety and depression scale, hads) were collected. resultsthe multivariate ancova revealed significant differences in ppt between points (f=55.674; p.417). an anterior to posterior gradient was found, with the lowest ppts located in frontal regions and the highest ppts in occipital areas (all groups, p<.001). conclusionswe found that patients with migraine exhibited generalized pressure pain hypersensitivity in the head as compared to healthy controls and that hypersensitivity was similar between episodic/chronic and unilateral/bilateral migraine. topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps revealed an anterior to posterior gradient of pressure pain sensitivity in both migraine and control groups.
migraine	although it is still debated whether vasoconstriction underlies migraine resolution by triptans, they are not recommended in patients at cardiovascular risk. however, relationship between stroke incidence and triptan use is unclear, and it is unknown whether acute or chronic use of these drugs worsens ischemic brain injury. to address this issue, we investigated the effect of clinically-relevant doses of the potent cerebral artery vasoconstrictor eletriptan on cerebral blood flow (cbf) and brain infarct volumes, as well as on expression of genes involved in cerebrovascular regulation. we report that acute treatment of rats or mice with eletriptan did not reduce basal cbf, which promptly dropped upon treatment with prazosin or dihydroergotamine. acute of chronic (1 month) eletriptan also did not affect cbf changes and infarct volumes in mice undergoing brain ischemia/reperfusion. finally, chronic eletriptan reduced brain mrnas for pacap and vip, leaving unaffected those for 5ht1(b/d)r and cgrp. no significant transcript changes were found in dura mater. data suggest that the impact of triptans on cerebral hemodynamic should be re-evaluated, as well as their propensity to increase stroke risk in migraineurs. (c) 2016 ibro. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
migraine	introduction. episodic ataxias (eas) are rare dominantly inherited neurological disorders characterized by recurrent episodes of ataxia lasting minutes to hours. the most common subtype is ea type 2 (ea2) caused by pathogenic variants of calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 a gene (cacna1a) on chromosome 19p13. subjects and methods. we examined a slovak three-generation family. genomic dna of the family members was extracted from peripheral blood and amplified by polymerase chain reaction. cacna1a variants were screened by sanger sequencing. results. we identified four family members with recurrent episodes of ataxia. complex differential diagnosis was performed. genetic analysis with direct sequencing revealed a novel heterozygous variant of cacna1a - c.5264a>g (p.glu1755gly) located in the pore loop of domain iv of calcium channel alpha-1a subunit. conclusion. we identified a novel missense variant of a voltage-dependent p/q-type calcium channel alpha-1a subunit in a slovak three-generation family with recurrent episodes of ataxia. the heterozygous missense variant resulted in changing a highly conserved glutamic acid within the pore loop of domain iv.
migraine	background: there may be a link between right-to-left shunt (rls) and brain white matter lesions (wmls) in patients with migraine. in this study, we assessed the relationship between wmls and rls in japanese migraine patients. methods: a total of 107 consecutive patients with migraine with (ma) and without aura (mwoa) were included in this study. contrast transcranial doppler ultrasound was used to detect rls. wmls were graded using brain magnetic resonance imaging based on well-established criteria. findings: the prevalence of rls was significantly increased in the wmls positive group (n = 24) compared with the wmls negative group (n = 83) (75.0% vs. 47.0%, p = 0.015). in prevalence of wmls between ma and mwoa patients, there were no statistical differences (p = 0.410). logistic regression analysis adjusted by age and disease duration of migraine identified an rls-positive status as the sole determinant for the presence of wmls (or = 6.15; 95% ci 1.82-20.8; p = 0.003) conclusion: our study suggests a possible link between rls and wmls in japanese patients with migraine.
migraine	hypothesis: changes in the weather influence symptom severity in meniere 's disease (md). background: md is an unpredictable condition that significantly impacts on quality of life. it is suggested that fluctuations in the weather, especially atmospheric pressure may influence the symptoms of md. however, to date, limited research has investigated the impact of the weather on md. methods: in a longitudinal study, a mobile phone application collected data from 397 individuals (277 females and 120 males with an average age of 50 yr) from the uk reporting consultant-diagnosed md. daily symptoms (vertigo, aural fullness, tinnitus, hearing loss, and attack prevalence) and gps locations were collected; these data were linked with met office weather data (including atmospheric pressure, humidity, temperature, visibility, and wind speed). results: symptom severity and attack prevalence were reduced on days when atmospheric pressure was higher. when atmospheric pressure was below 1,013 hectopascals, the risk of an attack was 1.30 (95% confidence interval: 1.10, 1.54); when the humidity was above 90%, the risk of an attack was 1.26 (95% confidence interval 1.06, 1.49). conclusion: this study provides the strongest evidence to date that changes in atmospheric pressure and humidity are associated with symptom exacerbation in md. improving our understanding of the role of weather and other environmental triggers in meniere 's may reduce the uncertainty associated with living with this condition, significantly contributing to improved quality of life.
osteoarthritis	the emerging field of precision medicine emphasizes an individualized approach to prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disease. using information from an individual 's genetics, environment and lifestyle, epigenetics, and other fields in precision medicine, practitioners can maximize resources by targeting pathology and human performance on the molecular level. however, practitioners may not be aware of topics within this field. therefore, the purpose of this review is to introduce basic concepts in precision medicine to highlight their potential application to sports medicine and performance enhancement. this review provides practical suggestions for implementation of some currently available precision medicine concepts in sport.
osteoarthritis	the menisci of the knees are semicircular fibrocartilaginous structures consisting of a hydrophilic extracellular matrix containing a network of collagen fibers, glycoproteins, and proteoglycans maintained by a cellular component. the menisci are responsible for more than 50% of load transmission across the knee and increase joint congruity thereby also aiding in fluid film lubrication of the joint. in the united kingdom, meniscal tears are the most common form of intra-articular knee injury and one of the commonest indications for orthopedic intervention. the management of these injuries is dependent on the location within the meniscus (relative to peripheral blood supply) and the pattern of tear. removal of meniscus is known to place the knee at increased risk of osteoarthritis; therefore repair of meniscal tears is preferable. however, a significant proportion of tears are irreparable and can only be treated by partial or even complete meniscectomy. more recent studies have shown encouraging results with meniscal replacement in this situation, though further work is required in this area.
osteoarthritis	this article highlights that the long-term and serial follow-up of adolescents with osteoid osteoma should be considered, even after complete excision of the nidus owing to the possibility of the delayed onset or progression of femur head and neck deformities or osteoarthritis. it is important to recognize the sequelae of osteoid osteomas, such as bone edema and new bone formation, which can alter the normal anatomy of the proximal femur. we report two cases of osteoid osteoma in the proximal femur, which showed progressive hypertrophy of the femoral neck after excision of the nidus and subsequent cam-type femoroacetabular impingement (fai), requiring additional osteochondroplasty procedures. even though hip pain was relieved immediately after excision of the nidus in both cases, cam-type fai developed during postoperative follow-up of 18 months (case 1) and 6.5 years (case 2). hip pain subsided within 1 month of osteochondroplasty, and the full range of motion of the hip joint was achieved and was being maintained after postoperative follow-up of 1 year (case 1) and 6 months (case 2).
osteoarthritis	although osteoarthritis (oa) has been traditionally regarded as a non-inflammatory disease, reports increasingly suggest that it is inflammatory, at least in certain patients. oa patients often exhibit inflammatory infiltration of synovial membranes by macrophages, t cells, mast cells, b cells, plasma cells, natural killer cells, dendritic cells, granulocytes, etc. although previous reviews have summarized the knowledge of inflammation in the pathogenesis of oa, as far as we know, no report review our current understanding about t cells, especially, each t cell subtype, in the biology of oa. this review highlights the current understanding of the role of t cells in the pathogenesis of oa, with attention to th1 cells, th2 cells, th9 cells, th17 cells, th22 cells, regulatory t cells, follicular helper t cells, cytotoxic t cells, t memory cells, and even unconventional t cells (e.g.,gamma delta t cells and cluster of differentiation 1 restricted t cells). the findings highlight the importance of t cells to the development and progression of oa and suggest new therapeutic approaches for oa patients based on the manipulation of t-cell responses.
osteoarthritis	ross river virus (rrv), a mosquito-transmitted alphavirus prevalent in australia, is believed to cause poor performance, lethargy, and muscle stiffness in australian horses. however, disease progression and management is poorly documented. a better understanding of disease presentation, acute therapy, and long-term management is required. the aim of the study was to describe clinical presentation, diagnosis, acute treatment, and long-term management of rrv infection in horses. this study is a series of retrospective case reports. clinical and diagnostic data were obtained from both veterinary records, and owner interviews for five performance horses that presented with acute poor performance coupled with serologic evidence of rrv exposure. clinical and owner reports were evaluated from the time of presentation until the horses appeared asymptomatic and had returned to normal performance. ross river virus was suspected to be the cause of generalized muscle stiffness and poor performance in five performance horses located in southeast queensland between 2011 and 2015. clinical symptoms included pyrexia, tachypnea, exercise intolerance, generalized muscle stiffness, synovial effusion, and edema of the lower limbs. serologic investigations (elisa and/or virus neutralization assay) detected antibody responses to rrv. horses were treated with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (n = 5) and disease-modifying osteoarthritis drugs (n = 2). most horses returned to previous athletic capabilities between 7 and 12 months after the onset of symptoms. not all horses in the study had preclinical serology or submitted paired blood samples for serology, meaning assumption of acute infection in those horses was made based on clinical signs coupled with positive serology. ross river virus is a significant but poorly understood cause of poor performance in australian horses. this report is the only one to document longitudinal management of performance horses affected by rrv infection. much more research is needed to gain a better understanding of this infection in horses. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
hereditary_angioedema	we report the case of a young boy with recurrent facial edema from his third year of life, diagnosed later with hereditary angio edema (hae), who died of severe fatal laryngeal attack at the age of eleven. the father had milder hae attacks until the age of 30, when he was diagnosed with systemic lupus erithematosus and the oldest brother has recurrent abdominal pain attacks, with long asymptomatic period. family history revealed another three members who died suffocated at different ages, without any diagnosis.the death of the young boy happened in a small hospital two hours after admission, while few ineffective procedures were performed. we consider that hae severity and fatality risk were underestimated by medical staff and the fatal outcome of hae attack in the youngest child could have been possibly prevented in a better equipped medical unit. this case highlights the need to raise the profile of hae within the medical community and to improve prophylaxis and treatment of this potential fatal disease.
hereditary_angioedema	hereditary angioedema with normal c1-esterase inhibitor (hae-nc1inh) perioperative is a rare condition which could have potential disastrous ramifications for the anesthesiologist in the perioperative period. however, there is limited evidence and/or guidelines on the optimal way to manage these patients. we present the case of a patient with hae-nc1inh who was successfully managed in the perioperative period with plasma derived cl-esterase inhibitor (pdc1inh). a 29-year-old woman with a diagnosis of hae-nc1inh presented to the preoperative consultation in preparation for an upcoming total thyroidectomy. she had a 14-year history of ongoing lip and facial edema sometimes necessitating emergency department visitation. close consultation with her immunologist, transfusion medicine specialists, and anesthesia care providers allowed for a preoperative plan to provide the patient adequate prophylaxis. both pdc1inh and tranexamic acid were given preoperatively. the patient underwent surgery with no complications. a multi-disciplinary team of clinical immunologists, transfusion medicine specialists, and anesthesiologists facilitated the successful perioperative management of a patient with hae-nc1inh; pdc1inh may a suitable prophylactic perioperative therapy for this rare patient population. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
hereditary_angioedema	background: hereditary angioedema (hae) due to c1 inhibitor deficiency manifests as recurrent swelling attacks that can be disabling and sometimes fatal. long-term prophylaxis with twice-weekly intravenous injections of plasma-derived c1-inhibitor (pdc1-inh) has been established as an effective treatment. subcutaneous (sc) administration of pdc1-inh has not been studied in patients with hae. methods: this open-label, dose-ranging, crossover study (compact phase ii) was conducted in 18 patients with type i or ii hae who received two of twice-weekly 1500, 3000, or 6000 iu sc doses of highly concentrated volume-reduced csl830 for 4 weeks each. the mean trough plasma levels of c1-inh functional activity, c1-inh and c4 antigen levels during week 4, and overall safety and tolerability were evaluated. the primary outcome was model-derived steady-state trough c1-inh functional activity. results: after sc csl830 administration, a dose-dependent increase in trough functional c1-inh activity was observed. c1-inh and c4 levels both increased. the two highest dose groups (3000 and 6000 iu) achieved constant c1-inh activity levels above 40% values, a threshold that was assumed to provide clinical protection against angioedema attacks. compared with intravenous injection, pdc1-inh sc injection with csl830 showed a lower peak-to-trough ratio and more consistent exposures. all doses were well tolerated. mild-to-moderate local site reactions were noted with pain and swelling being the most common adverse event. conclusions: subcutaneous volume-reduced csl830 was well tolerated and led to a dose-dependent increase in physiologically relevant functional c1-inh plasma levels. a clinical outcome study of sc csl830 in patients with hae warrants further investigation.
hereditary_angioedema	background: bradykinin-mediated angioedema (ae) is a rare disease characterised by recurrent angioedema linked to acquired (e.g. angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor induced ae) or hereditary disorders (e.g. ae type i or ii). as the clinical picture can be misleading, diagnosis of this disease is sometimes difficult. a bradykinin-mediated ae attack may be a therapeutic emergency which requires access to effective, but expensive, treatments. their prescription must therefore be justified. no specific marker of acute bradykinin-mediated ae attacks has yet been identified to facilitate the therapeutic decision but it has been sought in many studies. purpose: this article reviews the literature on this type of biomarker, comparing candidate bradykinin-mediated ae markers to candidate markers of mast cell activation. conclusion: the most interesting biomarkers are those linked to endothelial stress (ve cadherin, e-selectin, endothelin-1, von willebrand factor and its activity) which is significantly increased during an ae attack. all these markers must now be validated by prospective studies to determine their specificity and utility in diagnosis.
hereditary_angioedema	the incidence of bradykinin-induced angioedema is considerably lower than that of histamine-induced forms; however, the same is true for the clinician 's knowledge of this condition. bradykinin-induced angioedemas include hereditary angioedema (hae), as well as acquired forms induced by drugs or antibody formation, e.g., during the course of oncologic disease. drug-induced forms affect almost exclusively the head and neck region, and are thus important for the otorhinolaryngologist. clear differentiation between histamine-induced angioedema (e. g., connected to allergy/urticaria) and bradykinin-induced angioedema is essential for selection of the specific treatment and may be lifesaving. antihistamines and cortisone derivatives have no relevant effect in bradykinin induced-angioedema, whereas blood-derived c1 esterase inhibitor and bradykinin receptor 2 antagonists represent effective therapeutic options-both for acute and prophylactic treatment.
kidney_health	background: diet can affect kidney health through its effects on inflammation. objective: we tested whether the adapted dietary inflammatory index (adii) is associated with kidney function and whether effects of diet on chronic low-grade inflammation explain this association. methods: this was an observational analysis in 1942 elderly community-dwelling participants aged 70-71 y from 2 independent cohorts: the uppsala longitudinal study of adult men (n = 1097 men) and the prospective investigation of vasculature in uppsala seniors (n = 845 men and women). the adii was calculated from 7-d food records, combining putatively proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects of nutrients, vitamins, and trace elements. the adii was validated against serum c-reactive protein (crp) concentrations. the estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) was assessed from serum cystatin c (cys) and creatinine (crea). associations between the adii and egfr were investigated, and crp was considered to be a mediator. results: in adjusted analysis, a 1-sd higher adii was associated with higher crp (beta: 6%, 95% cl: 1%, 10%; p= 0.01) and lower egfr [chronic kidney disease epidemiology collaboration (ckd-epi)(cys): -2.1%, 95% cl: -3.2%, -1.1%; ckd-epi(cys+crea): -1.8%; 95% cl: -2.7%, -0.9%; both p < 0.001]. crp was also inversely associated with egfr. mediation analyses showed that of the total effect of the adii on kidney function, 15% and 17% (for ckd-epicys+crea and ckd-epicys equations, respectively) were explained/mediated by serum crp. findings were similar when each cohort was analyzed separately. conclusions: a proinflammatory diet was associated with systemic inflammation as well as with reduced kidney function in a combined analysis of 2 community-based cohorts of elderly individuals. our results also suggest systemic inflammation to be one potential pathway through which this dietary pattern is linked to kidney function.
kidney_health	macroautophagy is a highly evolutionally conserved degradation process by which cytosolic materials (including macromolecules such as proteins and lipids) and damaged organelles are broken down to their basic components. the role of autophagy is not only the elimination of materials, but it also serves as a dynamic recycling system that produces new components and energy for cellular renovation and homeostasis. the association of autophagy with the organ physiology and pathogenesis of various disorders such as neurodegenerative diseases, cancer, infection and inflammatory bowel disease has been revealed in recent years. autophagy also plays an essential role in cellular homeostasis in kidney and counteracts age-related stress and kidney diseases. here, we critically review the current evidence regarding autophagy in the kidney, in particular as assessed with tissue- or cell lineage-specific autophagy-deficient mice. better insight into the mechanisms underlying renoprotective roles of autophagy will pave the way toward novel therapies for kidney diseases.
kidney_health	kidney diseases as well as lower urinary tract diseases occur relatively often in pigs, especially in sows. occasionally acids are used in sow-feeding to prevent urinary tract diseases by lowering the urine ph. because this systemically acting acidification influences the acid-base and mineral homeostasis and possibly also the kidney health of the animals, laboratory diagnostic and especially metabolite analyses of the urine of pigs are of value in the scope of herd management. urine samples are quite easily obtained using spontaneously emicted midstream urine of a representative group of sows. immediate measuring of the ph and sensory assessment of the sample as well as measuring nsba, na, k, ca and p in the laboratory, have proven to be useful parameters. depending on the investigated issue the following parameters can be analyzed: mg, cl, protein, creatinine, density, ggt, sediment (erythrocytes, leukocytes, epithelial cells) as well as bacteriological and/or molecular diagnostic methods for pathogen identification. the values of the above mentioned parameters vary depending on the feeding and watering management and not least on the use of acids. therefore only preliminary standard values are given to evaluate particular parameters. based on two case reports the implementation of urine analyses in sows is demonstrated to encourage veterinarians to use urine sampling in pig herd management.
kidney_health	transmembrane signal transduction is the process whereby a ligand binds to the external surface of the cell membrane and elicits a physiological response specific for that ligand and cell type. it is now appreciated that numerous disease states represent disturbances in normal transmembrane signaling mechanisms. in the current paper, we focus our attention on the mesangial cell of the glomerular microcirculation as a prototypical model system for understanding normal and abnormal transmembrane signaling processes. among the major receptor and effector mechanisms for transmembrane signal transduction in the mesangial cell, this paper emphasizes the phospholipase effector response to growth factors and vasoactive hormones. the post-translational and transcriptional pathways for regulation of phospholipase c and phospholipase a(2) are described, including consideration of perturbations in these systems that characterize two disease models, namely: acute cyclosporine nephrotoxicity and early diabetic glomerulopathy.
kidney_health	chronic kidney disease (ckd) is an important global public health problem that is associated with adverse health outcomes and high health care costs. effective and cost-effective treatments are available for slowing the progression of ckd and preventing its complications, including cardiovascular disease. although wealthy nations have highly structured schemes in place to support the care of people with kidney failure, less consideration has been given to health systems and policy for the much larger population of people with non-dialysis- dependent ckd. further, how to integrate such strategies with national and international initiatives for control of other chronic noncommunicable diseases (ncds) merits attention. we synthesized the various approaches to ckd control across 17 european countries and present our findings according to the key domains suggested by the world health organization framework for ncd control. this report identifies opportunities to strengthen ckd-relevant health systems and explores potential mechanisms to capitalize on these opportunities. across the 17 countries studied, we found a number of common barriers to the care of people with non-dialysis-dependent ckd: limited work force capacity, the nearly complete absence of mechanisms for disease surveillance, lack of a coordinated ckd care strategy, poor integration of ckd care with other ncd control initiatives, and low awareness of the significance of ckd. these common challenges faced by diverse health systems reflect the need for international cooperation to strengthen health systems and policies for ckd care. (c) 2014 by the national kidney foundation, inc.
autism	microglia can shift into different complex morphologies depending on the microenvironment of the central nervous system (cns). the distinct morphologies correlate with specific functions and can indicate the pathophysiological state of the cns. previous postmortem studies of autism spectrum disorder (asd) showed neuroinflammation in asd indicated by increased microglial density. these changes in the microglia density can be accompanied by changes in microglia phenotype but the individual contribution of different microglia phenotypes to the pathophysiology of asd remains unclear. here, we used an unbiased stereological approach to quantify six structurally and functionally distinct microglia phenotypes in postmortem human temporal cortex, which were immuno-stained with ibal. the total density of all microglia phenotypes did not differ between asd donors and typically developing individual donors. however, there was a significant decrease in ramified microglia in both gray matter and white matter of asd, and a significant increase in primed microglia in gray matter of asd compared to typically developing individuals. this increase in primed microglia showed a positive correlation with donor age in both gray matter and white of asd, but not in typically developing individuals. our results provide evidence of a shift in microglial phenotype that may indicate impaired synaptic plasticity and a chronic vulnerability to exaggerated immune responses. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
autism	next-generation sequencing led to the identification of many potential novel disease genes. the presence of mutations in the same gene in multiple unrelated patients is, however, a priori insufficient to establish that these genes are truly involved in the respective disease. here, we show how phenotype information can be incorporated within statistical approaches to provide additional evidence for the causality of mutations. we developed a broadly applicable statistical model that integrates gene-specific mutation rates, cohort size, mutation type, and phenotype frequency information to assess the chance of identifying de novo mutations affecting the same gene in multiple patients with shared phenotype features. we demonstrate our approach based on the frequency of phenotype features present in a unique cohort of 6,149 patients with intellectual disability. we show that our combined approach can decrease the number of patients required to identify novel disease genes, especially for patients with combinations of rare phenotypes. in conclusion, we show how integrating genotype-phenotype information can aid significantly in the interpretation of de novo mutations in potential novel disease genes. (c) 2017 wiley periodicals, inc.
autism	there is accumulating evidence that bumetanide, which has been used over decades as a potent loop diuretic, also exerts effects on brain disorders, including autism, neonatal seizures, and epilepsy, which are not related to its effects on the kidney but rather mediated by inhibition of the neuronal na-k-c1 cotransporter isoform nkcc1. however, following systemic administration, brain levels of bumetanide are typically below those needed to inhibit nkcc1, which critically limits its clinical use for treating brain disorders. recently, active efflux transport at the blood-brain barrier (bbb) has been suggested as a process involved in the low brain:plasma ratio of bumetanide, but it is presently not clear which transporters are involved. understanding the processes explaining the poor brain penetration of bumetanide is needed for developing strategies to improve the brain delivery of this drug. in the present study, we administered probenecid and more selective inhibitors of active transport carriers at the bbb directly into the brain of mice to minimize the contribution of peripheral effects on the brain penetration of bumetanide. furthermore, in vitro experiments with mouse organic anion transporter 3 (oat3)-overexpressing chinese hamster ovary cells were performed to study the interaction of bumetanide, bumetanide derivatives, and several known inhibitors of oats on oat3-mediated transport. the in vivo experiments demonstrated that the uptake and efflux of bumetanide at the bbb is much more complex than previously thought. it seems that both restricted passive diffusion and active efflux transport, mediated by oat3 but also organic anion-transporting polypeptide (oatp) oatpla4 and multidrug resistance protein 4 explain the extremely low brain concentrations that are achieved after systemic administration of bumetanide, limiting the use of this drug for targeting abnormal expression of neuronal nkcc1 in brain diseases. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
autism	this article outlines the emergence of aba (applied behaviour analysis) in the mid-20th century, and the current popularity of aba in the anglophone world. i draw on the work of earlier historians to highlight the role of ole ivar lovaas, the most influential practitioner of aba. i argue that reception of his initial work was mainly positive, despite concerns regarding its efficacy and use of physical aversives. lovaas' work, however, was only cautiously accepted by medical practitioners until he published results in 1987. many accepted the results as validation of lovaas' research, though both his methods and broader understanding of autism had shifted considerably since his early work in the 1960s. the article analyses the controversies surrounding aba since the early 1990s, considering in particular criticisms made by autistic people in the neurodiversity movement'. as with earlier critics, some condemn the use of painful aversives, exemplified in the campaign against the use of shock therapy at the judge rotenberg center. unlike earlier, non-autistic critics, however, many in this movement reject the ideological goals of aba, considering autism a harmless neurological difference rather than a pathology. they argue that eliminating benign autistic behaviour through aba is impermissible, owing to the individual psychological harm and the wider societal impact. finally, i compare the claims made by the neurodiversity movement with those made by similar 20th- and 21st-century social movements.
autism	objective: autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by difficulty in verbal and non-verbal communication, impaired social interaction, and restricted and repetitive behavior. it has been recently introduced as a multigenic disorder with significant epigenetic effects on its pathology. recently, epigenetic silencing of retinoic acid receptor-related orphan receptor alpha (rora) gene (which has an essential role in neural tissue development) was shown to have occurred in autistic children due to methylation of its promoter region. this may thus explain a significant part of the molecular pathogenesis of autism. therefore, we aimed to confirm this finding by implementing a case-control (experimental) study in the population of isfahan. materials and methods: the methylation status of a 136 bp sequence of a gpg island (encompassing 13 cpg sites) in the rora promoter region (positions -200 to -64) as an experimental study was examined in the lymphocyte cells of 30 autistic children after sodium bisulfite treatment using the melting curve analysis-methylation (mca-meth) assay compared with normal children. also, quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (qrt-pcr) analysis was used to estimate the level of mrna transcripts and to evaluate mca-meth analysis results. results: this study revealed no methylation in the examined promoter regions in both autistic and normal children, with the melting curve of all studied samples being comparable to that of the non-methylated control. the results of mca-meth analysis were also consistent with qrt-pcr results. we therefore observed no significant difference in the levels of rora transcripts in the blood lymphocytes between autistic and healthy children. conclusion: the methylation of the rora promoter region may not be considered as a common epigenetic risk factor for autism in all populations. hence, the molecular pathogenesis of autism remains unclear in the population investigated.
