molecular_biology	this article shows how lamarckism was essential in the birth of the french school of molecular biology. we argue that the concept of inheritance of acquired characters positively shaped debates surrounding bacteriophagy and lysogeny in the pasteurian tradition during the interwar period. during this period the typical lamarckian account of heredity treated it as the continuation of protoplasmic physiology in daughter cells. f,lix d'h,relle applied this conception to argue that there was only one species of bacteriophage and jules bordet applied it to develop an account of bacteriophagy as a transmissible form of autolysis and to analyze the new phenomenon of lysogeny. in a long-standing controversy with bordet, eugsne wollman deployed a more morphological understanding of the inheritance of acquired characters, yielding a particulate, but still lamarckian, account of lysogeny. we then turn to andr, lwoff who, with several colleagues, completed wollman 's research program from 1949 to 1953. we examine how he gradually set aside the lamarckian background, finally removing inheritance of acquired characters from the resulting account of bacteriophagy and lysogeny. in the conclusion, we emphasize the complex dual role of lamarckism as it moved from an assumed explanatory framework to a challenge that the nascent molecular biology had to overcome.
enzymology	ceramides are synthesized by six mammalian ceramide synthases (cerss), each of which uses fatty acyl-coas of different chain lengths for n-acylation of the sphingoid long-chain base. we now describe a rapid and reliable cers assay that uses a fluorescent n-[6-[(7-nitrobenzo-2-oxa-1,3-diazol-4-yl) (nbd) sphinganine substrate followed by separation of the nbd-lipid substrate and products using solid phase extraction (spe) c18 chromatography. spe chromatography is a quick and reliable alternative to tlc, and moreover, there is no degradation of either nbd-sphinganine or nbd-ceramide. we have optimized the assay for use with minimal amounts of protein in a minimal volume. this assay will prove useful for the analysis of cers activity, which is of particular importance in light of the growing involvement of cers in cell regulation and in the pathology of human diseases.
southern_blotting	a putative glutamate decarboxylase (gad) gene, designated zmgad1, was cloned from zea mays with a combination of reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) and bioinformatic approaches. the zmgad1 cdna sequence contained a complete open reading frame encoding a putative protein of 496 amino acids, which contained a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate binding domain and a calmodulin (cam)-binding domain found in nearly all gads from plants. sequence analysis showed that it had highest similarity with rice gad1. recombinant zmgad1 protein was expressed in escherichia coli, purified and used to measure enzyme activity, which confirmed zmgad1 was really a glutamate decarboxylase gene. southern blotting analysis suggested that zmgad1 was present as a single copy gene in the maize genome. rt-pcr analysis revealed that zmgad1 was expressed in all examined tissues including the roots, stems, leaves, ears, and tassels. the expression of the zmgad1 gene was upregulated and gad activity was increased in the leaves and roots after treatment with aba, meja, nacl, peg, or cold stress. several stress-related cis-elements were present in the zmgad1 promoter cloned from maize genomic dna. these results suggested that zmgad1 might play an important role in responses to abiotic factors and hormone treatments.
northern_blotting	aim: to explore the microrna (mirna) expression in renal clear cell carcinoma (rccc). methods: we compared the mirna expression profiles in 11 pairs of rccc and adjacent nontumorous tissue (nt) from 11 rccc patients, using a mammalian mirna microarray containing whole human mature and precursor mirna sequences. to verify microarray results, northern blotting was carried out on 5 randomly selected mirnas. results: totally 81 mirnas were identified valid expression in rccc samples, 48 of which specifically detected in rccc samples, 17 of which detected downregulated in rccc compared to nt sample, 2 upregulated and 14 without significant difference. mirnas in rccc tissues exhibit an overall higher expression level than nt tissue. the chip results were confirmed by northern blot analysis. conclusion: our study may help to clarify the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of rccc, and mirnas potentially serve as a novel diagnostic biomarker of rccc. crown copyright (c) 2009 published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
human_metabolism	the mechanisms by which exposure to arsenic induces its myriad pathological effects are undoubtedly complex, while individual susceptibility to their type and severity is likely to be strongly influenced by genetic factors. human metabolism of arsenic into methylated derivatives, once presumed to result in detoxification, may actually produce species with significantly greater pathological potential. we introduce a transgenic drosophila model of arsenic methylation, allowing its consequences to be studied in a higher eukaryote exhibiting conservation of many genes and pathways with those of human cells while providing an important opportunity to uncover mechanistic details via the sophisticated genetic analysis for which the system is particularly well suited. the gene for the human enzyme, arsenic (+3 oxidation state) methyltransferase, was introduced into nonmethylating drosophila under inducible control. transgenic flies were characterized for enzyme inducibility, production of methylated arsenic species, and the dose-dependent consequences for chromosomal integrity and organismal longevity. upon enzyme induction, transgenic flies processed arsenite into mono and dimethylated derivatives identical to those found in human urine. when induced flies were exposed to 9 ppm arsenite, chromosomal stability was clearly reduced, whereas at much higher doses, adult life span was significantly increased, a seemingly paradoxical pair of outcomes. measurement of arsenic body burden in the presence or absence of methylation suggested that enhanced clearance of methylated species might explain this greater longevity under acutely toxic conditions. our study clearly demonstrates both the hazards and the benefits of arsenic methylation in vivo and suggests a resolution based on evolutionary grounds.
polymerase_chain_reaction	the study aimed to polish wastewater effluent from an activated treatment system for nitrogen removal by a packed bed bioreactor (pbr). the nitrogen removal via simultaneous partial nitrification, anammox and denitrification (snad) process was investigated with different hydraulic retention times (hrts). the results show that both effluent ammonia-and nitrate-nitrogen concentrations approached to 0 mg/l at the hrt as low as 3 h. the total nitrogen removal efficiency decreased from an average of 84% at both 18- and 24-h hrts to 38% at 3-h hrt. this low nitrogen removal efficiency was due to the presence of incomplete degradation of organic nitrogen at shorter hrts. the analysis using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction resolves that the ratio of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (aob) to the domain eubacteria changed limited in the range between 2.8 and 4.0% during the continuous operation. meanwhile, the nitrite-oxidizing bacteria (nob) increased from 0.0 to 2.9% when the hrt was gradually reduced to 3 h. the anammox bacteria accounting for 30.5% of microbial consortia dominated the aob and the nob at the 3-h hrt. in sum, inorganic form of nitrogen in a typical wastewater plant effluent could be efficiently polished via snad process in the pbr. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
immunology	we investigated the presence of ectoparasites and hemoparasites in side-blotched lizards (uta stansburiana) across a large part of their range and measured how parasitic infection related to several key physiological indicators of health. blood samples were collected from 132 lizards from central arizona, southern utah, and eastern oregon. hemoparasites were found in 22 individuals (3.2% prevalence in arizona, 19.1% in utah, and 6.3% in oregon), and ectoparasites were found on 51 individuals (56.3% prevalence in arizona, 56.1% in utah, and 6.7% in oregon), with 11 individuals infected with both. hemoparasites and ectoparasites were found in all three states. immunocompetence was higher in individuals infected with both hemoparasites and ectoparasites. body condition, glucocorticoid levels, and reproductive investment were not related to infection status. our study provides evidence that parasitic infection is associated with an active immune system in wild reptiles but may not impose other costs usually associated with parasites.
genetics	purpose of review we aimed to produce a comprehensive update on clinical and biological data regarding two rare lymphoid neoplasms, b and t prolymphocytic leukemias, and assess therapeutic management in the light of new molecular insights and the advent of targeted therapies. recent findings b cell prolymphocytic leukemia (b-pll) diagnosis remains challenging in the absence of clear immunophenotypic or cytogenetic signature and overlap with mantle cell lymphoma. new molecular defects have been identified in t cell prolymphocytic leukemia (t-pll), especially in the jak stat pathway. like in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll), b-pll treatment depends on the presence of tp53 dysfunction. in t-pll, alemtuzumab still remains the standard of care. allogeneic transplantation is the only curable option. thanks to reduced intensity conditioning regimens, it has become accessible to a larger number of patients. summary pll prognosis remains poor with conventional therapies. however, great advances in the understanding of both t-and b-pll pathogenesis lead to promising new therapeutic agents.
cell_biology	dozens of murine models of indolent and aggressive b-cell lymphomas have been generated to date. these include those manifesting chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll), diffuse large b-cell lymphoma (dlbcl), as well as xenografts of mantle cell lymphoma (mcl). these models have led to an improved understanding of disease etiology, b-cell biology, immunomodulation, and the importance of the tumor microenvironment. despite these efforts in cll, dlbcl, and mcl, considerably little progress toward a model of splenic marginal zone lymphoma (smzl) has been accomplished. herein, we describe the similarities and differences between cll, mcl, and smzl and highlight effective murine models that mimic disease in the two former, in hopes of informing a potential model of the latter. at the time of writing this review, the precise molecular events of smzl remain to be determined and a treatment regimen remains to be identified. therefore, based on the efforts put forth in the b-cell lymphoma field throughout the past three decades, the established role of caveolin-1 in b-and t-cell biology as an oncogene or tumor suppressor, and the recurrent deletion or loss of heterozygosity (loh) of 7q in many cancers, we make recommendations for a murine model of smzl.
fluid_mechanics	solutions are presented for both laminar developing flow in a curved pipe with a parabolic inlet velocity and laminar transitional flow downstream of a curved pipe into a straight outlet. scalings and linearized analyses about appropriate base states are used to show that both cases obey the same governing equations and boundary conditions. in particular, the governing equations in the two cases are linearized about fully developed poiseuille flow in cylindrical coordinates and about dean 's velocity profile for curved pipe flow in toroidal coordinates respectively. subsequently, we identify appropriate scalings of the axial coordinate and disturbance velocities that eliminate dependence on the reynolds number re and dimensionless pipe curvature alpha from the governing equations and boundary conditions in the limit of small alpha and large re. direct numerical simulations confirm the scaling arguments and theoretical solutions for a range of re and alpha. maximum values of the axial velocity, secondary velocity and pressure perturbations are determined along the curved pipe section. results collapse when the scalings are applied, and the theoretical solutions are shown to be valid up to dean numbers of d = re-2 alpha = o(100). the developing flows are shown numerically and analytically to contain spatial oscillations. the numerically determined decay of the velocity perturbations is also used to determine entrance/development lengths for both flows, which are shown to scale linearly with the reynolds number, but with a prefactor similar to 60% larger than the textbook case of developing flow in a straight pipe.
hydraulics	stream restoration efforts in the united states are increasingly aimed towards water quality improvement, yet little process-based guidance exists to compare pollutant removals from different restoration techniques for variable site conditions. excess nitrate (no3-) is a frequent pollutant of concern due to eutrophication in downstream waterbodies such as the chesapeake bay. we used mike she to simulate hydraulics and no3- removal in a 90 m restored reach of stroubles creek, a second-order stream in blacks-burg, virginia. site specific geomorphic, hydrologic, and hydraulic data were used to calibrate the model. we evaluated in-stream structures that induce hyporheic zone denitrification during baseflow and inset floodplains that remove no3- during storm flows. we varied hydraulic conditions (winter baseflow, summer baseflow, storm flow), biogeochemical parameters (literature hyporheic zone denitrification rates and newly available inset floodplain removal rates) and boundary conditions (upstream no3- concentration), sediment conditions (hydraulic conductivity), and stream restoration design parameters (inset floodplain length). our results indicate that no3- removal rates within the 90m reach were minimal. structure-induced hyporheic zone denitrification did not exceed 3.1% of mass flowing in from the upstream channel, was achieved only during favorable background groundwater hydraulic conditions (i.e. summer baseflow), and was transport-limited such that non-trivial removal rates were achieved only when the streambed hydraulic conductivity (k) was at least 10(-4) m/s. inset floodplain nitrogen removal was limited by floodplain residence time and no3- removal rate, and did not exceed 1% of inflowing mass. summing these removals for both restoration practices over the course of the year based on the frequency of storm and summer baseflow conditions yielded similar to 2.1% annual removal. achieving 30% no3- removal required increasing the length of stream reach restored to 0.9 km-819 km (depending on hydraulic conductivity) and 3.8-46 km (depending on inset floodplain length and nitrogen removal rate) for in-stream structures during baseflow and inset floodplains during storm flow, respectively. in one of the first comparisons of process-based modeling to the chesapeake bay program stream restoration guidance, we found that the guidance overestimated hyporheic no3- removal for our modeled reach, but correctly estimated inset floodplain removal. overall, our results indicate that in-stream structures and inset floodplains can improve water quality, but overall required level of effort may be high to achieve desired results. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
computer-aided_design	we used additive manufacturing (3d printing) to create ordered porous beds from a range of geometric shapes, including truncated icosahedra (approximating spheres), tetrahedral, octahedral, triangular bipyramid, and stellar octangular particles. we show that the printed porous media were highly reproducible and had excellent fidelity in physically reproducing computer-aided design models, with differences between designed and experimentally measured particle locations within +/- 0.5%, and within 13% in terms of bed porosity. experimental residence time distributions were measured and the reduced plate height, h, was determined under different reduced velocities (peclet number, pe = 4-400). the results (using equivalent particle diameter to non-dimensionalize) show that, for the simple cubic (sc) arrangement, tetrahedral particles had a lower plate height (h(min) = 1.56) than all other particle shapes tested, including spherical particles. we also, for the first time, experimentally validated computational predictions of the performance of sc, body centered cubic (bcc) and face centered cubic (fcc) arrangements of spheres, confirming that fcc is indeed superior (h(min), = 1.12) to sc (h(min) = 1.62). we conclude that the capability offered by additive manufacturing in controlling not only packing configuration but also shape, position and orientation of the geometric elements within the porous bed may, in the future, play a fundamental role in the design of highly efficient 3d-printed columns. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
manufacturing_engineering	this paper presents a neural network-based vision inspection system interfaced with a robot to detect and report ic lead defects on-line. the vision system consists of custom software that contains a neural network database for each of the ics to be inspected on a pcb. the vision system uses gray scale images and a single layer neural network with three outputs based on defect criteria. each ic has a different inspection area, thus, the input vector varies for each of the ics. the ic networks were trained with matlab 's bayesian regularization module. performance of each of the networks investigated was found to be 100%, based on the defect criteria. this system has been implemented and tested on several electronic products using proe, c++ and opengl software platforms [r. balderas, s. bose, automated robotic inspection system for electronic manufacturing, mse thesis, manufacturing engineering department, ut-pan american, 2002; a.i. edinbarough. j. amieva, experimental study on the robotics vision inspection of electronic components, bs thesis, engineering technology department, ut-brownsville, 2002]. (c) 2005 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
machine_design	the complexity of products is increasing as more and more functions and structures are included in them, leading to higher requirements on better understand of users' behaviour in term of using the product during the early engineering design phase. although, industry and academia agree that human aspects are important for the success of the product, there are few methods that support the designers concerning these factors during the synthesis of the design process. the article describes a behaviour design approach (bda) to be used by industrial engineers, designers and ergonomists for ergonomic analysis and evaluation in product or machine design. this approach has been developed for both expert and non-expert practitioners, who can integrate user behaviour and product behaviour during the design phase for improving product performance.
thermodynamics	we compare the extent to which the properties of simple liquids are pertinent to short to moderate chain n-alkanes ranging from ethane (c-2) to dodecane (c-12). explicit geometric features such as bonds, angles and dihedral potentials in currently available models of n-alkanes make these systems more realistic, and distinct from the generalized lennard-jones chain fluids. our study confirms that the presence of these flexible geometric constraints completely suppresses the energy-virial correlation in these systems. however, they are found to have a strong energy-virial correlation in high density region of their phase diagram when the contribution from these geometric constraints are excluded. for fluids having simple liquid like behavior, semi-quantitative relationships between structure, dynamics, and thermodynamics are well established. range of state points is explored to test the applicability of such relationships for n-alkanes. considering the collection of monomer beads as the reference state, thermodynamic and structural entropic measures are systematically compared with and without intramolecular contributions. we show that the pair entropy computed with explicit intramolecular geometric constraints correlates well with thermodynamic excess entropy. both the thermodynamic and pair entropy have strong isochore dependence with reduced diffusivity. intermolecular pair entropy correlates well with reduced diffusivity. the role of multiparticle correlations is highlighted for predicting thermodynamic and transport properties in these chain systems. triplet correlations in addition to pair correlations are used as an attempt to improve the structural contribution to excess entropy. we show that if the three particle contribution is included in the computation of structural entropy, the resulting value overestimates the excess entropy. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
materials_engineering	the paper refers to the approach used in science, specifically in building materials engineering, assuming the possibility of material modeling, including modeling of the technical characteristics of building materials of various compositions as well as modeling phenomena/processes that occur during the use of materials and structures made from them. the authors analyze the merits of the approach of modeling in the context of compliance computational models to reality, consider the significance of the selection of the proper model (type of mathematical function, number of input data) which should be based on the knowledge of modeled material or phenomenon and later adequate verification of the model. the authors also underline importance of proper interpretation of results obtained by calculation. misrepresentation may result in a misstated model of the studied phenomenon and lead to incorrect conclusions, which puts the researcher far from the truth, that he or she should always seek for.
strength_of_materials	in this paper, the method of discrete element model (dem) simulation was used to investigate the mechanical properties of sic ceramic materials under the action of pre-stress. using the bonded particle model (bpm), several different numerical tests (such as uct, tpb, senb tests) of sic ceramic were established. different pre-stress values were applied on the lateral surface of the ceramic specimen during the numerical simulation process, all tests were carried out at least 5 times with different random number, and the average mechanical properties results were calculated. it was showed that the existence of pre-stress has a significant effect on the mechanical properties of materials. it can enhance the strength of materials, while the force action on material in machining process force or action force the crack 's initiation and propagation was limited.
internal_combustion_engine	a comprehensive mathematical model is proposed to calculate the optimal leg length and cross-section area of teg unit to maximize the peak output power. the model shows that for a teg unit, there exists an optimal ratio of leg length and leg cross-section area corresponding to the maximum peak output power with a convective thermal boundary condition, and the optimal leg length and cross-section area can be further calculated based on the optimal ratio. the mathematical model is also validated in this paper, and the corresponding error is within a reasonable range. moreover, the effects of the leg length and leg area on the peak output power, the peak output power density and the efficiency of teg unit with different thermal boundary conditions are also discussed. this study will provide guidance for the structure design optimization of teg unit. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
