green_building	this research is based on taiwan 's first zero-carbon green building-magic school of green technology in national cheng kung university. actual energy consumption will be measured to explore benefits of energy-saving. the design origin for this building encompasses 13 green energy-saving techniques. united states department of energy dynamic building energy analytical software, equest, is used to execute the strictest energy consumption analytical assessment. it is forecasted to reach an energy-saving efficiency of 65% with energy use intensity (eui) of 43 kwh/m(2).yr for the whole building, far below that of 169 kwh/m(2).yr found in taiwan low/mid-rise office buildings. this building has begun operation in 2011, through actual readings from building energy management system (bems) during january to september, first-half-year accumulated eui of 33.5 kwh/m(2).yr against equest analytical assessment of 38.2 kwh/m(2).yr for the same period. demonstrating that equest analytical assessed value is very consistent with building 's actual energy consumption readings. the energy consumption standard in the experimental research behind the magic school of green technology stands at world class.
green_building	the development of building material science in the light of such flows as green building, architectural geonics, the concept of sustainable development poses new challenges for researchers, one of which is the human environment comfort improvement. comfort is closely related to a premise microclimate, which is formed as the result of heating and ventilation system interaction with the building materials of wall structures. traditionally, the role of building materials in this interaction is a passive one and is characterized by two properties: thermal conductivity and vapor permeability. a further increase in the efficiency of engineering systems is not possible without the inclusion of building materials in this process as an active component. it is known that the radiation heat exchange plays an important role in the distribution of energy indoors. this heat exchange takes place between the surfaces in the infrared range. moreover, the work of radiant heating systems is based on this principle. it has significant advantages as compared with traditional ones and has great prospects concerning the energy consumption reduction for heating. in this regard, they studied the issues of composite development which have a particular interaction character with a particular spectrum of infrared light.
green_building	in order to study the evolution mechanism and forecast the development direction of green building market, this paper establishes a model of asymmetric evolutionary game in the green building market by using the idea of evolutionary game firstly. then the dynamic equations of the two strategies are set up by using the idea of ""replicator dynamics"" in evolution game. lastly the evolutionary game equilibrium model is established. the analysis results show that (build green, buy green),(build non green, buy non green) are the two evolutionary stable situations. through the empirical analysis, the development of green building in our country is divided into three development stages. and through analyzing the evolution characteristics of each stage, the evolution mechanism and development trend of green building in our country are obtained.
green_building	this paper explores the role of international partnerships to facilitate low-energy building design, construction, and operations. we briefly discuss multiple collaboration models and the levels of impact they support. we present a case study of one collaborative partnership model, the scientific planning support (sps) team. staff from the lawrence berkeley national laboratory, the austrian institute of technology, and nanyang technological university formed the sps team to provide design assistance and process support during the design phase of a low-energy building project. specifically, the sps team worked on the cleantech two project, a tenanted laboratory and office building that seeks green mark platinum, the highest green building certification in singapore. the sps team hosted design charrettes, helped to develop design alternatives, and provided suggestions on the design process in support of this aggressive energy target. this paper describes these efforts and discusses how teams like the sps team and other partnership schemes can be leveraged to achieve high performance, low-energy buildings at an international scale. specifically, it discusses how international institutional partnerships build capacity for low-energy design, challenge the status quo for building design, and create new resources in support of energy savings on the order of 40%. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
green_building	the objectives of this study are to identify the risks in green retrofit projects in singapore; analyze their risk criticalities; compare the risk criticalities between conventional and green retrofit projects; and provide mitigation measures for the critical risks. twenty risks and 37 mitigation measures were identified from a literature review. a questionnaire survey was performed with 30 professionals experienced in green retrofits, and five post-survey interviews were conducted. the results indicated post-retrofit tenants' cooperation risk was the top risk, and that 19 risks were more critical in green retrofits than in conventional retrofits. additionally, 28 mitigation measures obtained significant agreement.
water_pollution	china has become the world largest paper and paperboard producer. however, pulp and paper industry has involved high resource consumption and severe pollution especially for water. this research has assessed the eco-efficiency of china 's pulp and paper industry at the national level and provincial level. an overview regarding the cleaner production of china 's pulp and paper industry was presented to reveal the measures for reducing environmental impact in the last two decades. slacks-based measure was used to analyze the efficiency levels of 16 provinces' pulp and paper industries. to uncover the underlying causes of eco-efficiency performance, malmquist-luenberger index was calculated to discover the drivers of productivity growth of pulp and paper industries. our results showed that the pollution treatment of china 's pulp and paper industry has made progress in terms of water consumption and water pollution, although the absolute amount of pollution discharge is still large. chemical oxygen demand emissions are still the first critical influencing factor of pulp and paper industry 's inefficiency. furthermore, efficiency progress was the dominating contribution of the industry 's productivity growth between 2010 and 2013. the policies for adjusting the industrial structure of pulp and paper industry have resulted in the scale effects through eliminating backward production capacity and accelerating merger and acquisitions. moreover, the productivity of pulp and paper industry was underestimated when the undesirable outputs were ignored. it indicates that the stricter environmental regulations have positive effects on paper companies to internalize environmental pressures in the production activities through environmental management. in the future, pulp and paper companies should further internalize the cost of pollution treatment through scale effects and technology improvement. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
water_pollution	many-year variations of water pollution and the state of more than two hundred of rivers (or their segments) in different latitudinal zones in european russia are estimated. in accordance with latitudinal zonality, space and time trends in variations of water quality and the state of rivers are identified. by the level of water pollution, most river ecosystems (or their segments) were classified as polluted and very polluted, very polluted and dirty, dirty and very dirty. a tendency toward water quality improvement could be seen in the recent decade. more than 50% of the examined river ecosystems are at the transitional state of passing from natural (and/or equilibrium) to crisis state.
water_pollution	liquid marbles are drops coated with a hydrophobic powder. different liquid marbles can be easily distinguished by the diverse color appearance. here, we first demonstrate colorful liquid marbles, which were encapsulated with colored superhydrophobic stearate powders. a simple method was used to generate colorful superhydrophobic stearate powders via chemical reactions between sodium stearate and inorganic salts. in addition, the contact angle meter was used to monitor the horizontal profiles of liquid marbles to investigate the lifetime of liquid marbles on the stainless steel surface at room conditions. more important, we have described a proof of qualitative detection of oil pollution and measured the minimum detection limit of some water-soluble pollutants by liquid marbles.
water_pollution	the goal of this study is to examine waste water of leather plants within the province of usak city. we conducted analyses during morning and evening hours during the summer and following the greater eid during which volume of waste water from usak leather organized industry is low and high, respectively. analyses were carried out using waste water from 4 different sections of the facility. waste water analysis was conducted using waste water from treatment center entrance, after chemical treatment, using waste water subjected to biological treatment and waste water exiting the facility. suspended solid matter, chemical oxygen requirement, color, total nitrogen, phosphate phosphorus, total chrome, ph, turbidity and grease content of waste water from those sections were analyzed. when comparing waste water exiting and entering the facility based on discharge standards stated in water pollution control regulations, it has been determined that the facility enabled lower numbers in pollution during both low and high intensity periods and values were lower compared to facility entrance after chemical and biological treatment. as a result, it is evident that treatment facilities are necessary for protecting natural water resources and health from negative effects of the leather industry and that the facility minimizes the effect of leather industry waste on nature thereby preventing any disruption on the ecosystem.
water_pollution	in this study, the association between heavy metals in water and cyprinids sampled from the yeilrmak river stretch, which is frequently exposed to pollutant sources (a sugar production factory (turhal) and solid wastes dump area (talciftlik) was explored, and the oxidative effects of heavy metals on cyprinids were evaluated through analyzing some liver enzymes, namely, superoxide dismutase (sod), catalase (cat), malondialdehyde (mda), and cortisol. the heavy metal concentrations of both fish and water, collected from three different locations along the river during the summer of 2011 and winter of 2010 (turhal, talciftlik, and gumenek), were determined by inductively coupled plasma atomic emission spectroscopy (icp-aes). the water and fish liver heavy metal concentrations exhibited increasing trends from upstream (gumenek) to downstream (turhal). the water and liver samples collected during the summer had higher heavy metal concentrations than those obtained during the winter. the mean heavy metal concentrations increased from gumenek to turhal. the liver heavy metal concentrations were higher than those in the water and exhibited almost the same increasing trend from gumenek to turhal. positive relationships between liver and water heavy metal concentrations, especially for cadmium (r-2 = 0.91) and lead (r-2 = 0.98), were obtained. among the liver enzymes, only mda followed the same increasing trend from gumenek to turhal as was obtained for heavy metals. on the other hand, cat and sod had a contrary spatial pattern of change to those of heavy metals and mda. although the values of heavy metals and mda in talciftlik were between the two other locations, fish inhabiting this locality had significantly higher values of cortisol, which is an indication of the other stress-causing factors for fish.
smart_material	the interface of enabling technology with advanced product design has shown radical development in the field of intelligent sensor-embedded system design. numerous applications are envisaged exploiting this interconnectivity, particularly, in the field of biomedical applications. a need, for example, that is of growing demand, is in the field of remote health monitoring and control of critically ill patients, with the help of networked sensors. the continuous monitoring of the health of a patient in a hospital, information fusion from multiple sensor-data as well as broadcasting the recorded data on a network for the ease of access to the clinician and implementing the decisions of clinicians through automated drug delivery units could save millions of precious lives in a country with limited medical experts. in what follows is a brief detailed description of such a system that is developed.
smart_material	this article describes the development and validation of a new thermomechanically coupled multi-layered shape memory alloy beam finite element. the finite element is formulated, assuming coupled equilibrium equations for the mechanical and thermal problems. the constitutive shape memory alloy model of lagoudas and coworkers is implemented in the formulation. multi-field kinematic hypotheses are proposed, combining a first-order shear displacement field with a sixth-order polynomial temperature field through the thickness of the beam, enabling adequate representation of the temperature and phase transformation profiles due to rapid thermal loading, uneven thermal loading, and boundary conditions and multi-layered configurations with variable thermal properties. the non-linear transient discretized equations of motion of the shape memory alloy beam are synthesized and solved using the newton-raphson method with an implicit time integration scheme. numerical results illustrate the time response of uniform and bi-layered niti beams under various thermomechanical loads predicted by the developed finite element. correlations of the beam element predictions with those of plane stress two-dimensional finite element shape memory alloy models demonstrate excellent agreement in the calculated displacement, temperature, and phase transformation fields. additionally, the developed beam finite element yields computationally fast simulations providing an effective tool for the design and simulation of rod, beam, and strip shape memory alloy actuators and active structures.
smart_material	in this study, healing of conventional non-shape memory syntactic foam embedded with shape memory polyurethane fibers was investigated per the biomimetic close-then-heal strategy. the syntactic foam was made of epoxy matrix dispersed with 30% by volume of glass microballoons, 5% by volume of shape memory polyurethane fibers, and three levels of thermoplastic healing agent (5%, 10%, and 15% by volume). notched beam specimens were prepared and fractured by tension to create macroscopic cracks. three levels of tensile stresses (26.5, 24.5, and 22.5kpa) were applied to the fractured beam specimens during healing, in order to evaluate the healing capability of the composite under in-service conditions. it is found that the tensile stress level and healing agent content have a significant effect on the healing efficiency. subjected to 22.5kpa of tensile stress, the healing efficiency determined by peak tensile load is as high as 90%.
smart_material	magnetic shape memory alloy (msma) is a relatively new kind of smart material. upon application of a large magnetic field, it exhibits actuation strains up to 10% similar to thermal shape memory alloy (sma) but shows significantly reduced response time in the millisecond range. currently, application is restricted by the brittleness of the single crystal material, its nonlinear behaviour and the difficulty to generate and apply a magnetic field around 0.6t in order to exploit the full actuation potential. the focus of this work is on the design of miniaturized magnetic circuits for bulk msmas. various circuit designs are compared such as toroidal and series-parallel shapes. equivalent circuit as well as finite element simulation is used to increase the magnetic field in a characteristic air gap where the smart material is placed. a symmetrical toroid coil layout with the msma element at the center that allows easy integration of the actuator in various applications is described. static characterization results of this actuator are provided. using the described magnetic circuit and 5m - msma rods with dimensions of 20x2.5x1mm(3), a peak displacement of 0.8mm and a blocked force of 4.5n was obtained. further design guidelines for such miniaturized actuators are given.
smart_material	the purpose of this paper is to investigate the flexible structure of parabolic shell using photo strictive actuators. the analysis is made to know its dynamic behavior and light-induced control forces for coupled parabolic shell. the effects of an actuator location as well as membrane and bending components under the control action have been analyzed considering the approximate spherical model. the parabolic membrane shell accuracy is being mathematically approximated and validated comparing the light induced control forces using approximate equivalent spherical shell model. the parabolic shell with kapton smart material and photostrictive actuators has been used to formulate the governing equation in the transverse direction. the kirchhoff-love assumptions are used to obtain the governing equation of shell with actuator. the mechanical membrane forces and bending moments for parabolic thin shell with actuator is used to analyze the dynamic effect. the results show that membrane control action is much more significant than bending control action. photostrictive actuators oriented along circumferential direction (actuator-2) can give better control effect than actuators placed along longitudinal direction (actuator-1). the slight difference is observed between spherical and parabolic shell for a surface with focal length to the diameter ratio of 1.00 or more than unity. space applications often have the shape of parabolical shells or shell of revolution, due to their required focusing, aiming, or reflecting performance. the present approach is focused that photostrictive actuators can effectively control the vibration of parabolical membrane shell. also, the actuator 's location plays an important role in defming the control force.
ambient_intelligence	the ageing of the population, and their increasing wish of living independently, are motivating the development of welfare and healthcare models. existing approaches based on the direct heath-monitoring using body sensor networks (bsn) are precise and accurate. nonetheless, their intrusiveness causes non-acceptance. new approaches seek the indirect monitoring through monitoring activities of daily living (adls), which proves to be a suitable solution. adl monitoring systems use many heterogeneous sensors, are less intrusive, and are less expensive than bsn, however, the deployment and maintenance of wireless sensor networks (wsn) prevent them from a widespread acceptance. in this work, a novel technique to monitor the human activity, based on non-intrusive load monitoring (nilm), is presented. the proposal uses only smart meter data, which leads to minimum intrusiveness and a potential massive deployment at minimal cost. this could be the key to develop sustainable healthcare models for smart homes, capable of complying with the elderly people' demands. this study also uses the dempster-shafer theory to provide a daily score of normality with regard to the regular behavior. this approach has been evaluated using real datasets and, additionally, a benchmarking against a gaussian mixture model approach is presented.
ambient_intelligence	this paper presents design and implementation of a personal intelligent home media center. the primary goal was to increase the quality of life with the use of ambient intelligence in smart homes. the solution presented here uses client-server architecture with network-attached storage for storing all multimedia contents. sensors are used to identify person 's presence and ambient intelligence techniques to recommend the most suitable multimedia content to end-users. the major advantages of this personal intelligent home media center are speed, intelligence, inexpensive components and scalability. the implementation was done in within one home media center, for the evaluation purposes.
ambient_intelligence	research regarding stroke indicates that short elapsed time between accident and treatment can be fundamental to allow saving patient 's life and avoid future sequels. this paper describes a model for monitoring and rescue victims in situations of possible stroke occurrence. it uses stroke symptoms that can be monitored by mobile equipment, ambient intelligence and artificial neural networks. the model is independent from human operation and applications or third parties devices, therefore adding facilities to increase the quality of life for people with stroke sequel, due to constant monitoring and follow-up provided, allowing the stroke patient to consider a recovery period with greater autonomy. a prototype based on free software platforms was developed, in order to assess the accuracy and the time elapsed between the prototype to detect and to send an alert. the results indicate a positive outlook for the work continuity.
ambient_intelligence	we present easyhouse, a system developed to allow people with disabilities and their family members to control their home environment (e.g., turn on/off a light, turn on/off the tv) using a smartphone. the user interface was designed to be adjustable to the needs of each user. the development of easyhouse followed an iterative user-centered design approach. a paper-based low-fidelity prototype was built based on user requirements and from the first author 's own experience as a researcher with cerebral palsy. after several design and evaluation iterations, a functional prototype has been evaluated in a real context with real users. preliminary results indicate that the proposed system is suitable for both people with and without motor disabilities, and provides an adequate method for controlling home appliances when there is a family member with motor disabilities.
ambient_intelligence	human activity recognition has been widely studied since the last decade in ambient intelligence scenarios. remarkable progresses have been made in this domain, especially in research lines such as ambient assisted living, gesture recognition, behaviour detection and classification, etc. most of the works in the literature focus on activity classification or recognition, prediction of future events, or anomaly detection and prevention. however, it is hard to find approaches that do not only recognize an activity, but also provide an evaluation of its performance according to an optimality criterion. this problem is of special interest in applications such as sports performance evaluation, physical therapy, etc. in this work, we address the problem of the evaluation of such human activities in monitored environments using depth sensors. in particular, we propose a system able to provide an automatic evaluation of the correctness in the performance of activities involving motion, and more specifically, diagnosis exercises in physical therapy.
construction_management	time, cost, and quality (tcq) as a triple constraint of construction projects have dependent and conflicting objectives. considering the limited resources, estimation of the approximate tcq is a complex and dynamic problem. in addition, the uncertain nature of construction projects and highly variable alternatives make the decision making process a complicated issue. in order to overcome these difficulties, many researchers in the related academic literature introduced different mathematical models on the tcq trade-off problem so far. in these models, two different approaches were used to estimate tcq-related data. in the continues approach, it was assumed that the relationship among these three components could be expressed by continuous functions. in the discrete approach, it was accepted that (i) the construction method, (ii) the crew formation, and (iii) the crew overtime policy have some impacts on the project tcq and that the relationships among these three components become discrete. however, in previous studies, construction materials that have a significant impact on tcq of construction activities and projects were not taken into account completely during the data formation process. as an exception, el rayes and kandil [1] considered different strengths of concrete as material alternatives in a highway construction project. in fact, all the studies focused on proving the applicability of different optimization techniques instead of optimizing tcq of a real construction project. in this context, some simple projects including a limited number of activities were used to evaluate the applicability of the developed models. therefore, in the present study, it is aimed to outline a new two-step methodology, including the alternative construction material utilization, for tcq trade-off problems, especially for building projects which enable the utilization of the high variety of construction materials. for this purpose, the impact of construction materials on tcq of a project was explained in a detailed manner. (c) 2016 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.
construction_management	construction management is a practice oriented field and its course content needs to include many elements from practice. many new developments take place, new technologies emerge and the necessity of redefining working dynamics among project stakeholders necessitates construction educators to constantly evaluate and reorganize the scope of courses. this situation justifies the necessity of bringing research findings into classroom. the paper exemplifies how research findings are brought into a major construction course. project management course at the university of texas at san antonio covers broad range of topics such as fundamental concepts of management and roles in the construction industry, project delivery and contract methods, detailed analysis and administration of different phases of a construction project. the demand for sustainable projects is growing. its delivery method requires lots of input from wide range of experts. so far, there is no set or accepted method for sustainable building project delivery. during the coverage of project delivery methods, the instructor brings the characteristics of a sustainable projects. the comparative analysis is made between conventional and sustainable projects. the phases of sustainable projects include many additional elements and early involvement of defined tasks from phases of conventional projects. a recent research study accomplished by the author highlights the differentiating aspects of conventional projects from sustainable projects. the findings obtained from a research that is conducted with the major national firms will be incorporated to future lectures. the research has explored the sustainable delivery practices of the major national construction firms. they will be used as a case study to complement the theoretical part of the lecture. the impact on students' learning will be identified. students appreciate and value the knowledge brought outside the textbook especially if the research is original and accomplished by the course instructor. the approach can be taken as an example for various topics which are recent to aec industry.
construction_management	in recent years, in response to higher construction industry standards for project design and delivery under budget, time and safety constraints, technological advances have dramatically changed how design and construction information is represented and managed. to prepare students to respond to these new industry demands approaches to teaching dynamic construction planning and management practices are changing. as a result, simulation games are gaining interest as an approach to providing students with learning experiences better aligned with complex problems in the areas of construction bidding, planning and management. however, while the use of simulation games in teaching construction shows some promising results, it remains sporadic due to high development costs, implementation challenges, and uncertainty of their effectiveness as learning tools. to address this gap, we developed and evaluated a free and open-source construction management game-the virtual construction simulator (vcs)-that involves teaching a more holistic decision making process to planning and managing construction projects. this paper discusses the learning objectives that guided vcs3 development, implementation and assessment, and concludes with findings and recommendations for its broader implementation and future research.
construction_management	after introducing main principles of transitive closure of graphs the paper discusses application of a modified floyd-warshall algorithm to calculate network time models of projects with no concern on whether the graph has one or more starting and/or ending node(s), whether it includes logical loop(s) or not, whether it is a connected model or not, whether it necessitates positive (lower bound) or negative (upper bound) or multiple restrictions amongst the time data of the project elements or not that is: to schedule open networks. the method may contribute to generalization of network time models especially when considered in multi project management context. (c) 2016 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.
construction_management	wide spread monitoring cameras on construction sites provide large amount of information for construction management. the emerging of computer vision and machine learning technologies enables automated recognition of construction activities from videos. as the executors of construction, the activities of construction workers have strong impact on productivity and progress. compared to machine work, manual work is more subjective and may differ largely in operation flow and productivity among different individuals. hence only a handful of work studies on vision based action recognition of construction workers. lacking of publicly available datasets is one of the main reasons that currently hinder advancement. the paper studies worker actions comprehensively, abstracts 11 common types of actions from 5 kinds of trades and establishes a new real world video dataset with 1176 instances. for action recognition, a cutting-edge video description method, dense trajectories, has been applied. support vector machines are integrated with a bag-of-features pipeline for action learning and classification. performances on multiple types of descriptors (histograms of oriented gradients - hog, histograms of optical flow - hof, motion boundary histogram - mbh) and their combination have been evaluated. discussion on different parameter settings and comparison to the state-of-the-art method are provided. experimental results show that the system with codebook size 500 and mbh descriptor has achieved an average accuracy of 59% for worker action recognition, outperforming the state-of-the-art result by 24%. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
suspension_bridge	the ability to accurately predict traffic loading is essential for cost-effective bridge maintenance and repair programs. the traffic load model currently used in the united states for the design of long-span bridges was developed over three decades ago. in the meantime, vehicle characteristics and traffic patterns have changed. the eurocode for traffic loading is more recent, but was calibrated only for bridges up to 200 m long. in this work, weigh-in-motion traffic records from 11 different sites across alabama are used to establish congested traffic loading. traffic microsimulation is used to generate congestion based on real traffic data. influence lines for two typical long-span bridges, one cable-stayed bridge, and one suspension bridge are determined using finite-element models. these are used in the microsimulation model to estimate the bridge-load effects caused by congested traffic. these results are extrapolated to find the characteristic lifetime maximum values that are used to evaluate the eurocode load model to assess its suitability for long-span bridges. in a similar way, the current american load model for long-span bridges, commonly known as the asce model, is evaluated to see if it accurately reflects the congested traffic loading that is currently found on american highways. recent research has suggested the use of the aashto hl-93 load model to estimate the effects of traffic loading on long-span bridges, and this model is also evaluated in this work.
suspension_bridge	background: pseudoparalysis is defined as active forward flexion less than 90 degrees with full passive motion. there is controversy about the ideal surgical management of a massive rotator cuff tear with pseudoparalysis. purpose/hypothesis: the purpose of this study was to prospectively analyze the ability to reverse pseudoparalysis with an arthroscopic rotator cuff repair (arcr). the hypothesis was that in the absence of substantial glenohumeral arthritis, preoperative fatty infiltration of grade 3 or higher and an acromiohumeral interval (ahi) of less than 7 mm would not prevent reversal of pseudoparalysis with an arcr. study design: case series; level of evidence, 4. methods: a prospective multicenter study of arcr performed for preoperative pseudoparalysis was conducted. the minimum follow-up was 1 year. the mean patient age was 63 years, and pseudoparalysis was present for a mean of 4.2 months preoperatively. preoperative radiographic evaluation included plain film evaluation of the ahi and hamada classification and mri evaluation of fatty degeneration and rotator cuff retraction. functional outcome was determined by the simple shoulder test (sst), american shoulder and elbow surgeons (ases) shoulder score, visual analog scale (vas), and subjective shoulder value (ssv). results: of the 58 patients enrolled, 56 had at least 1 year of follow-up. mean active forward flexion improved from 47 degrees preoperatively to 159 degrees postoperatively (p < .001). statistically significant improvements were seen in the sst (from 2.8 preoperatively to 10.1 postoperatively), ssv (from 28 to 83), ases shoulder score (from 37 to 88), and vas (from 5.7 to 1.1) (p < .001). pseudoparalysis was reversed in 53 of 56 patients (95%). there was no difference in the rate of reversal of pseudoparalysis between those patients with an ahi of less than 7 mm (88.2%) and those with an ahi of 7 mm or more (96.9%) (p =.289). pseudoparalysis was reversed in all 8 of the patients with fatty degeneration of grade 3 or higher in 1 or more of the rotator cuff muscles. conclusion: arcr can lead to reversal of preoperative pseudoparalysis in patients with minimal preoperative glenohumeral arthritis. arcr is a viable first line of treatment for patients with pseudoparalysis in the absence of advanced glenohumeral arthritis.
suspension_bridge	to seek a proper way to calculate the preoffsetting value of saddle on a suspension bridge, some influences of structural parameters on the preoffsetting are considered, then a new method for the preoffsetting value of saddle is proposed. on the basis of the relationship of the main cable and saddle, equilibrium equations, geometric equations, and physical equations are deduced. then, the equations are solved by the newton-raphson iteration method to derive the jacobian influence matrix of preoffsetting. for convergence of the numerical calculation, constraint conditions and the range of initial values are given. through comparison of the measured value in a 1/30-scale model test and the calculated value, the reliability of the new method is confirmed. finally, parametric analysis of preoffsetting shows that (1) with an increase of the saddle radius, saddle preoffsetting increases in the middle-span direction; (2) with increases of the side/middle-span and rise/span ratios, saddle preoffsetting increases in the side-span direction; (3) the influence of cable self-weight on saddle preoffsetting is negligible; (4) with an increase of unstressed cable length in the side span, saddle preoffsetting increases in the middle-span direction; and (5) with an increase of unstressed cable length in the middle span, saddle preoffsetting increases in the side-span direction.
suspension_bridge	in order to investigate the characteristics of the vibration of the windvehicle-bridge (wvb) coupling system during two trains meeting each other, the dynamic response of the wvb system has been analyzed when the two trains meeting on a large span suspension bridge using the self-developed software bansys. particularly, the aerodynamic coefficients of the bridge and the two trains before and after the meeting are determined through wind tunnel tests. it is shown that the wind loads and the responses of the leeward vehicle change abruptly in the meeting process compared with the case with a single train. and the responses of the leeward vehicle increase with the growing of wind speed and vehicle speed, and decrease with the enlarging of the lateral distance between the two trains. the processes of two trains meeting each other are the control factors for the wvb coupling system.
suspension_bridge	the potential of mechanical lamination of timber for bridge construction and its application in developing structural uses for low-grade, uk-grown timber is investigated. a mechanically laminated pedestrian bridge is designed as a half-scale of a 12 m span bridge and subjected to a series of experimental and analytical investigations. a flat, stress-laminated timber deck is formed by transversely post-tensioning short timber planks with steel bars. the resulting orthotropic solid plate is suspended from two screw-laminated slender timber arches, in which timber predominately acts in compression and end-bearing at the butt ends. the structure is subjected to a series of deck loading conditions up to failure loads. the bridge behaves elastically well beyond its design load, and shows a high level of ductility and recovery capacity. failure of the structure arises from lateral instability of the arches under symmetrical deck loading. a commercial finite-element analysis programme is used to predict the behaviour of the structure. close agreement between the analytical and experimental results demonstrates that the structural performance of mechanically laminated timber structures can be reasonably accurately predicted using linear elastic analysis. the study also shows that relatively large-span, stiff, strong structures can be constructed using means of short lengths of low-quality timber.
geotextile	this paper presents a case history of geotextile-reinforced dry cover placement on a reclaimed clay deposit treated by progressive trenching method. in order to investigate the effects of the cover material 's characteristic of ensuring trafficability with respect to bearing failure and ground deformation, two types of covers were considered in pilot tests: a layer of weathered granite soil cover and a layer of weathered granite soil over stiff crushed stone. a number of in-situ plate load tests were conducted for various cover conditions to assess the bearing capacity of the reclaimed deposit and to determine the thickness and material compositions that satisfy the bearing capacity requirement. in full-scale pilot tests for cover placement, field monitoring was carried out for the surface settlement and pore pressure that developed in the reclaimed clay layer. the results of plate-loading tests and monitoring during staged cover placements are discussed and compared using numerical predictions obtained from both finite element analyses and undrained stability analyses. the comparison results showed that the drainage condition of the ground surface facing the dry cover is strongly related to the ground response and stability.
geotextile	fatigue cracking is considered to be one of the main pathologies in asphalt pavements, contributing to the reduction of its service life and generating high costs as a consequence of more maintenance works. because of the importance of road quality in society 's economic development, techniques to avoid and reduce the adverse effects derived from cracking phenomena are necessary. for this purpose, this research focuses on the development of a sustainable and economic solution that uses reinforced polyethylene pond wastes as an antireflective cracking system placed between asphalt pavements layers. three different pavement sections were studied in the laboratory: a reference one with no anticracking system; a pavement section with geotextile as the common anticracking system; and a similar one with reinforced polyethylene pond waste. the results obtained from the mechanical performance testing showed that this technique could provide an optimal solution to reduce the effect of this pathology, and to offer a new way to valorize these wastes. in addition, in comparison with the other solutions, reinforced polyethylene pond liners are more effective in reducing the propagation of cracks through the asphalt pavement.
geotextile	this paper contributes to a better understanding of how installation damage of geosynthetics can affect soil-geosynthetic interaction during pullout and inclined-plane shear. the effects of installation damage induced in field trials of a woven geotextile and a woven geogrid were studied. the results indicated that after installation the accumulation of a layer of fine particles over the geosynthetic can reduce the skin friction available, particularly for sheet materials. installation damage can induce premature tensile failure in pullout tests, along the unconfined portion of the geosynthetic, causing a significant reduction in the corresponding coefficient of interaction. the contribution of the bearing members to the coefficient of interaction during pullout was estimated using equations from the literature. such estimates were too optimistic. the installation damage induced had little influence on the soil-geosynthetic coefficient of interaction in the inclined plane shear test. the different relative movements of the soil and geosynthetic in pullout and inclined-plane shear, as well as the deformation of the reinforcements during pullout, enabled different mobilisation of the interface strength. for the comparable conditions tested, the coefficient of interaction from inclined plane shear tests was larger than that measured from pullout tests. the reduction factor for installation damage obtained from tensile tests overestimated the effects of the installation conditions on the soil-geosynthetic interface from both pullout and inclined plane shear tests.
geotextile	this work aimed to evaluate some aspects of construction and operation of full-scale best management practices and their effects on infiltration loading rate. two systems were studied: i) filter-swale-trench (fst) and ii) infiltration well (iw). in these units, field essays and full-scale measurements were made in order to assess the soil permeability. further, the fine particles transportation and the geotextile blanket permeability were determined before and after operation. the results pointed out that there were soil transportation to inside the fst and iw systems, despite of the installed protections, and that these material were responsible for diminishing the geotextile (reduction from 30 to 90% for fst and 40 to 70% for iw) and the full-scale infiltration loading rates (varying from 4.7 x 10(-6) to 10(-5) m.s(-1)).
geotextile	thermal conductivity is a key property that controls heat migration in a variety of applications including municipal solid waste and/or mining/industrial containment facilities. in particular, heat may be encountered in cases where geosynthetic lining systems are exposed to elevated temperatures due to either waste biodegradation, solar radiation, or mining processes. this paper presents the results of an experimental investigation on thermal conductivity of nonwoven geotextiles, geosynthetic clay liners and an hdpe geomembrane. a steady state method was used to measure the thermal conductivity of a selected number of these materials. the thermal conductivity of the hdpe geomembrane was found to be consistent with the thermal conductivity of hope polymer. on the other hand, the thermal conductivity of the nonwoven geotextiles depended on water content and whether they are hydrophobic or hydrophilic. the form of bentonite, its mass per area and water content affected the thermal conductivity of gcls. the results presented in this paper provide a lower bound of thermal conductivities of geosynthetics routinely used in waste containment facilities. (c) 2013 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
stealth_technology	in this paper, we propose a technique for ir low-observability that uses an active ir signal tuning through the real time control of the object surface temperature according to the varying background environment. this is achieved by applying the proper object surface temperature obtained to result in the minimum radiance difference between the object and the background. experimental verification by using the thermoelectric temperature control element shows that the ir radiance contrast between the object and the background can be reduced up to 99% during the night and up to 95% during the day time as compared to the un-tuned original radiance contrast values. the stealth technology demonstrated in this paper may be applied for many military systems needed for the ir stealth performance when a suitable temperature control unit is developed.
stealth_technology	in this contribution we propose an analysis of the absorbing capabilities of planar structures loaded with left handed material (lhm) based on resonant magnetic inclusions, operating at microwave frequencies. to this end, we 'll present a general formulation valid for any characteristic property of lhm. it is demonstrated that if a medium with the proposed constitutive properties is achieved, then some of the very common limitations of present day absorbers like the presence of metallic plates can be overcome. it is shown, also, that the introduction of lhm leads to an enlargement of the angular bandwidth with a reduction of the overall dimensions of the component. numerical results together with some remarks about possible practical implementations of the proposed components will be also given.
stealth_technology	global fight against terror, and the rapidly changing geopolitical situations, raise hot debates on urgently needed new designs and operational modes of efficient, low-cost, jet-engine-steered (jes) strike drones, and about the expected roles of future uclass (unmanned, carrier-launched, surveillance & strike), while current ucav (unmanned combat air vehicles) have failed to perform the needed strike missions. the role of the jet-engine community in this rapidly unfolding geopolitical situation is reviewed in the main text and in the appendix.
stealth_technology	rf stealth technology is one of the most significant ways to guarantee the radar 's survivability. the rf stealth algorithm of mimo radar in searching mode is obtained to improve the rf stealth performance. this algorithm is based on the rf stealth optimization model which sets the number of subarrays, average power, dwell time and search frame period as controllable parameters, the interception factor is also considered to optimize the rf stealth performance under the guarantee of searching performance. the simulation results show that mimo radar with the rf stealth algorithm in searching mode has better stealth performance than conventional phased array radar.
stealth_technology	nowadays, more and more researchers pay attention to the microwave absorbing materials with the increase of electromagnetic pollution and the development of stealth technology for military platforms. traditional microwave absorbers, such as ferrite, metal powder, conductive magnetic fibers, magnetic flake powder, and nanoparticles and so on, are facing some common problems such as large specific gravity, narrow absorption bandwidth, large match thickness and poor absorption performance. composites with core-shell structures are becoming promising microwave absorbing material because such structure can exhibit magnetic and dielectric characteristics through the proper selection of core and shell materials. thus, fe(co)(5) deposition on the srfe12o19 surface has been considered for the fabrication of a new composite that possesses the advantages of these two materials. this new composite might also obtain remarkable microwave absorption through thin layer absorbers in the entire 2 similar to 18 ghz frequency range. the fe-srfe12o19 composites with core-shell structures were prepared by metal organic chemical vapor deposition (mocvd) using the srfe12o19 and iron pentacarbonyl [fe(co)(5)] as the precursors. xrd, sem, eds and a vector network analyzer were used to characterize the structure and electromagnetic properties of the samples. the structure and morphology analyses show that the composites have complete core-shell structures with srfe12o19 as core and fe layers as shell. fe nanoparticles were uniformly deposited on the surface of srfe12o19 with thickness of about 0.5 mu m at the reaction temperature of 180 degrees c with n-2 flow rate of 30 ml/min for 30 mm. simulation studies show that srfe12o19 electromagnetic properties changed significantly and the absorbing properties got evidently improvement after fe deposited on its surface. the samples prepared with deposition time of 30 min have the best absorbing properties. a reflection loss (rl) value exceeding -10 db in the range of 6.8 similar to 18.0 ghz frequency was obtained by selecting an appropriate thickness of the absorber layer from 1.5 to 3.0 mm. moreover, a minimum rl of -21.2 db at was obtained for a 2.0 mm thick layer. fe-deposited srfe12o19 by mocvd can significantly improve the electromagnetic properties of srfe12o19 and fe-srfe12o19 composites could be used as an effective microwave absorption material.
solar_energy	a bubble pump is proposed to replace the traditional mechanical solution pump in lithium bromide absorption chillers, for its advantageous feature that can be driven by industrial waste heat or solar energy or other low-grade energy. in two-stage bubble pump driven lithium bromide absorption refrigeration system, flow patterns in lifting pipe have significant effects on the performance of bubble pump. in this paper, the single bubble motion and the double bubbles coalescence in vertical ascending pipe are simulated by an improved free energy model of lattice boltzmann method, in which the two-phase liquid to gas density ratio is 2778. the details of bubbles coalescence process are studied. density and velocity of bubbles have been obtained. the computational results show that the initial radius of each bubble has a great influence on the coalescence time. the larger the initial bubble radius, the shorter the coalescence time. the pipe diameter has a little effect on the two bubbles coalescence time while it has a significant effect on the bubble velocity. as the pipe diameter increases, the bubble velocity increases. the obtained results are helpful for studying the transition mechanisms of two-phase flow patterns and useful for improving the bubble pump performance by controlling the flow patterns in lifting pipe. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
solar_energy	nigeria is the most populous country in africa (7th most populous in the world) and it is strategic to the realization of the united nations' sustainable development goals (sdgs) by 2030. however, sdg no. 7 (affordable and clean energy) and other goals connected to the reduction of climate change are crucial for the attainment of sustainable development in nigeria. this comprehensive review encompasses the discussions of the clean energy potential, obstacles to and stimulants of clean energy implementations, and renewable energy policies in nigeria. solar and biomass resources have been presented in this article because of their huge availability in nigeria. nigeria has the potential to produce an estimated 47.97 million tonnes of oil equivalent (mtoe) annually from biomass resources. likewise, 17, 459 billion mj/day of solar energy is incident on the total surface of nigeria. the biomass resources which can be tapped for renewable energy production in nigeria include jatropha with high oil contents, sweet sorghum and molasses; food crops such as cassava, rice, coconut, cashew, millet, rice, oil palm, maize, and yam; agricultural residues and wastes from food crops such as cassava peels, cassava liquid sludge, mango peel, mango seed kernel, rice husks (rh), corn residues, oil palm derivatives, sugar cane straw, and bagasse; forest resources; municipal solid wastes; and animal wastes. these resources can be exploited for the production of biogas, bioethanol, biodiesel, briquettes and organic fertilizers through anaerobic digestion, transesterification, gasification, pyrolysis, and briquetting. there are also huge potentials for the deployment of solar photovoltaic (pv) and thermal systems in off-grid, grid-connected, and hybrid installations. it can be concluded that the techno-economic feasibility and environmental significance of solar power and bioenergy for nigeria 's sustainable development is site-specific and subject to factors such as incentives and financing, research and development, public enlightenment, government 's policies, and private investments.
solar_energy	a set of 96 open-cell foams with growing porosities (035-0.95) and growing pore nominal diameters (0.4-2.6 mm) was artificially generated to firmly connect their normal spectral emittances to their textural features. this work is strictly focused on foams that are composed of opaque struts with optically smooth surfaces. to compute the normal spectral emittances, a monte carlo ray tracing code was carefully used through an indirect method based on kirchhoff 's laws. the monte carlo ray tracing code considers the complex refractive index of the solid phase constituting the struts foams. particular attention is therefore paid to performing the calculation with absorption indices (0.5-8) that preserve the opacity of each strut. from a thorough analysis of the ray transport within all the foams, where the representative elementary volumes used for computing the homogenized radiative properties were known beforehand, a general and simple law is established that connects the normal spectral emittance, on the one hand, and the open porosity and the complex index of refraction, on the other hand. in the field of the thermal conversion of solar energy, for example, the new law gives relevant insight on the radiative performance of highly porous foams that are virtually coated with materials that are known for possessing an undeniable spectral selectivity when they are shaped as dense samples. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
solar_energy	phase change materials (pcms) with high thermal conductivity and efficient solar energy conversion have recently attracted much attention. however, a facile strategy to enhance thermal conductivity and realize energy conversion and storage is still eagerly desired. in this work, a very low content of graphene nano platelets (gnp) is introduced into poly (ethylene glycol) (peg)/boron nitride (bn) composite pcm5, resulting in great improvement in thermal conductivity and photoabsorption ability via a facile solution blending process. the presence of gnp contributes to enhancing thermal conductivity and realizing efficient solar energy conversion (including solar-to-thermal and solar-to-electric energy conversion) for the peg/bn/gnp composite pcms owing to the formation of improved bn/gnp thermally conductive network and the improvement of sunlight harvesting ability, respectively. thermophysical properties demonstrate that compared with peg/bn composite pcm5 at the same bn content, peg/bn/gnp composite pcms containing a low gnp content maintain comparable energy storage density. the study sheds light on the realization of solar energy utilization and storage of the organic pcms requiring high thermal conductivity. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
solar_energy	cds nanoparticles (nps) decorated alpha-fe2o3 nanopillar arrays (npas) were fabricated through several steps. fe npas were firstly fabricated by glancing angle deposition technique and oxidized in air to gain alpha-fe2o3 npas. then these npas were decorated by cds nps through successive ion layer adsorption and reaction (silar). here we have tested photodegredation of methylene blue (mb) and photoelectrochemical properties under visible light. especially, when silar cycle number reaches to 10, it shows the highest degradation efficiency (94% in 75 min on mb) which improves 72% comparing with pure one and the highest photocurrent density (2.0 ma cm(-2) at 0.4 v vs ag/agcl electrode). alpha-fe2o3/cds hetero-junctions could greatly enhance photocatalytic performance, which can help to accomplish sufficient usage of solar energy and be exploited on pollution abatement in future. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
remote_sensing	surface remote sensing of aerosol properties provides ground truth for satellite and model validation and is an important component of aerosol observation system. due to the different characteristics of background aerosol variability, information obtained at different locations usually has different spatial representativeness, implying that the location should be carefully chosen so that its measurement could be extended to a greater area. in this study, we present an objective observation array design technique that automatically determines the optimal locations with the highest spatial representativeness based on the ensemble kalman filter (enkf) theory. the ensemble is constructed using aerosol optical depth (aod) products from five satellite sensors. the optimal locations are solved sequentially by minimizing the total analysis error variance, which means that observations at these locations will reduce the background error variance to the largest extent. the location determined by the algorithm is further verified to have larger spatial representativeness than some other arbitrary location. in addition to the existing active aerosol robotic network (aeronet) sites, the 40 selected optimal locations are mostly concentrated on regions with both high aod inhomogeneity and its spatial representativeness, namely, the sahel, south africa, east asia, and north pacific islands. these places should be the focuses of establishing future aeronet sites in order to further reduce the uncertainty in the monthly mean aod. observations at these locations contribute to approximately 50% of the total background uncertainty reduction.
remote_sensing	arctic river icings are surface ice accumulations that can be >10km(2) in area and >10m thick. they commonly impact the hydrology, geomorphology, and ecology of arctic river environments. previous examination of icing dynamics in arctic alaska found no substantial changes in extent through 2005. however, here we use daily time series of satellite imagery for 2000-2015 to demonstrate that the temporal persistence and minimum summertime extent of large icings in part of arctic alaska and canada have declined rapidly. we identified 122 large ephemeral icings, and 70 are disappearing significantly earlier in the summer, with a mean trend of -1.60.9day(-1) for fully ephemeral features. additionally, 14 of 25 icings that usually persist through the summer have significantly smaller minimum extents (-2.61.6%yr(-1)). these declines are remarkably rapid and suggest that arctic hydroclimatic systems generating icings, and their associated ecosystems, are changing rapidly. plain language summary liquid water emerging from groundwater and flowing through arctic rivers during the winter often freezes into large ice features, which are called river icings. these icings, which are found in nearly all parts of the arctic, create wide, gravelly river channels that can be important habitat for animals. when icings melt during the summer, they help keep rivers flowing when other water sources are limited. up until now, no study has systematically looked at whether these features are changing in response to warming temperatures. we use daily satellite imagery available over northern alaska from 2000 to 2015 in order to test whether icings are becoming smaller or disappearing earlier in the summer. of 147 features examined, we found that 84 are either becoming smaller (for those that persist throughout the summer) or are disappearing earlier (for those that fully melt each summer). none are becoming larger or disappearing later. these changes may be directly related to warming temperatures, but they may also be happening because climate change is altering how rivers and groundwater interact. if these trends continue, we may see changes in the form of many arctic rivers and impacts on the habitat of animals like fish and caribou.
remote_sensing	geographical information systems (gis) are often used to assess and monitor the environmental impacts caused by mining activities. the aim of this work was to develop a new application to produce dynamic maps for monitoring the temperature variations in a self-burning coal waste pile, under a gis open source environmentgis-ecoal (freely available). the performance of the application was evaluated with distributed temperature measurements gathered in the s. pedro da cova (portugal) coal waste pile. in order to obtain the temperature data, an optical fiber cable was disposed over the affected area of the pile, with 42 location stakes acting as precisely-located control points for the temperature measurement. a monthly data set from july (15 min of interval) was fed into the application and a video composed by several layouts with temperature measurements was created allowing for recognizing two main areas with higher temperatures. the field observations also allow the identification of these zones; however, the identification of an area with higher temperatures in the top of the studied area was only possible through the visualization of the images created by this application. the generated videos make possible the dynamic and continuous visualization of the combustion process in the monitored area.
remote_sensing	the effects of hydrologic cycle change (caused by human activity and global climate change) on ecosystems attract the increasing attention around the world. as a result of impounding of the three gorges dam (tgd), climate change and sand mining, the dry season of poyang lake and dongting lake (china 's two largest freshwater lakes) came early after the tgd impoundment. it was the primary cause of the increasing need for sluice/dam construction to store water in the lakes and attracted increasing attention. in this paper, we compared the landscape pattern between three hydrologic years with early dry season (ey) and three normal hydrologic years (ny) of each lake by remote sensing technology, to reveal the effect of early dry season on landscape pattern. the results showed that early dry season caused expanding of phalaris to mudflat zone in poyang lake, while caused expanding of carex to phalaris zone and expanding of phalaris to mudflat zone in dongting lake. in landscape level, there was no significant difference in landscape grain size, landscape grain shape, habitat connectivity and landscape diversity between ey and ny in the two lakes. while in habitat class level, there were significant changes in area of mudflat and phalaris and grain size of mudflat in poyang lake, and in area of carex, grain size of phalaris and grain shape of carex and phalaris in dongting lake. these changes will impact migrating birds of east asian and migratory fishes of yangtze river. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
remote_sensing	this letter proposes a novel framework for the classification of light detection and ranging (lidar)-derived features. in this context, several features are extracted directly from the lidar point cloud data using aggregated local point neighborhoods, including laser echo ratio, variance of point elevation, plane fitting residuals, and echo intensity. additionally, the lidar digital surface model (dsm) is input to our classification. thus, both the lidar raster dsm and also rich geometric and also backscatter 3-d point cloud information aggregated to images are considered in our workflow. these extracted features are characterized as base images to be fed to extinction profiles to model spatial and contextual information. then, a composite kernel support vector machine is investigated to efficiently integrate the elevation and spatial information suitable for the lidar data. results indicate that the proposed method can obtain high classification accuracy using lidar data alone (e.g., more than 86% overall accuracy on the benchmark houston lidar data using the standard set of training and test samples on all 15 classes) in a short cpu processing time.
rainwater_harvesting	water is a scarce resource in arid regions, and hence water harvesting is critically important in these regions for which many different means are adopted including groundwater and rainwater harvesting. this paper examines the feasibility of rainwater harvesting from roof catchments in arid regions of australia. for this, ten representative locations in the arid regions of australia are selected. also, ten different sizes of rainwater tanks ranging from 5 kl to 50 kl and three different combinations of water uses are considered. a model is developed to simulate the performance of a rainwater harvesting (rwh) system. it is found that the reliability of a rwh system is highly dependent on mean annual rainfall at the location of interest. it is found that a 20 kl tank can provide a reliability of 61%-97% for toilet and laundry use depending on the location within the australian arid regions. at the current water price, rwh system is not financially viable in the australian arid regions. the methodology adopted in this paper can be adapted to other similar arid regions of the world. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
rainwater_harvesting	the practice of rainwater harvesting (rwh) is spreading rapidly in urban areas. this article studies the impact of a possible generalization of this practice for municipalities by proposing a new method to quantify the potential for potable water savings (ppws) by using rainwater harvesting at the urban level. the proposed method is based on the adaptation of an already validated model assessing the ppws for single buildings and the use of urban databases. two concepts are introduced: (1) the ""building type"" that allows gathering all the buildings sharing common features; and (2) the ""equivalent building,"" which is used to assess the ppws of a set of buildings (of a same building type) as if it were a single building. in the case of the municipality of colombes (located in the suburbs of paris), the method shows that the ppws by using rainwater harvesting represents about 10% of the total potable water consumption: the residential buildings account for 64% of this potential. this method can be applied to other municipalities with a level of acceptable reliability with regard to the means to be implemented in terms of collecting information.
rainwater_harvesting	the target of villages rainwater harvesting is to trap impermeable pavement and prevent rainwater runoff, and rainwater accumulated is mainly used for domestic miscellaneous water, environmental and ecological water. low impact development (lid) is an analog of natural stormwater management. the rainwater collection system, which is based on the concept of lid stormwater control, is easy to operate and inexpensive. according to the characteristics of village rainwater harvesting, towns rainwater collection system will be divided into five parts: roof rainwater harvesting, courtyard rainwater harvesting, street rainwater harvesting, green rainwater harvesting and landscape rainwater storage pond. we summarize the principles of rainwater collection systems in towns and villages landscape applications: low-impact, low-maintenance, low-cost; design with nature, design to life; the overall planning, collaborative implementation. provide reference for the ecological and circular village rainwater resource utilization.
rainwater_harvesting	harvested rainwater systems and composting toilets are expected to be an important part of sustainable solutions in buildings. yet, to this date, a model evaluating their economic and environmental impact has been missing. to address this need, a life cycle based model, eeast was developed. eeast was designed to compare the business as usual (bau) case of using potable water for toilet flushing and irrigation to alternative scenarios of rainwater harvesting and composting toilet based technologies. in eeast, building characteristics, occupancy, and precipitation are used to size the harvested rainwater and composting toilet systems. then, life cycle costing and life cycle assessment methods are used to estimate cost, energy, and greenhouse gas (ghg) emission payback periods (pps) for five alternative scenarios. the scenarios modeled include use of harvested rainwater for toilet flushing, for irrigation, or both; and use of composting toilets with or without harvested rainwater use for irrigation. a sample simulation using eeast showed that for the office building modeled, the cost pps were greater than energy pps which in turn were greater than ghg emission pps. this was primarily due to energy and emission intensive nature of the centralized water and wastewater infrastructure. the sample simulation also suggested that the composting toilets may have the best performance in all criteria. however, eeast does not explicitly model solids management and as such may give composting toilets an unfair advantage compared to flush based toilets. eeast results were found to be very sensitive to cost values used in the model. with the availability of eeast, life cycle cost, energy, and ghg emissions can now be performed fairly easily by building designers and researchers. future work is recommended to further improve eeast and evaluate it for different types of buildings and climates so as to better understand when composting toilets and harvested rainwater systems outperform the bau case in building design. (c) 2013 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
rainwater_harvesting	it is urgent to effectively mitigate flood disasters in humid mountainous areas in southeastern china for the increasing flood risk under urbanization and industrialization. in this study, a rural district with an area of 13.39 km(2) that planning to build an industrial park covering an area of 7.98 km(2) in changting was selected to estimate the potential of collectable rainwater and the extent to which runoff volume can potentially be mitigated by rainwater harvesting. in addition, the optimum cistern capacity of a rainwater harvesting system in the planned industrial park was evaluated using daily water balance simulation and cost-efficiency analysis. the results showed that rainwater harvesting in the planned industrial park has great potential. the annually collectable rainwater is approximately 9.8 x 10(6) m(3) and the optimum cistern capacity is determined to be 0.9 x 10(6) m(3). with the optimum cistern capacity, the annual rainwater usage rate is 0.99, showing neither financial savings nor deficits. rainwater harvesting can reduce 100 % of runoff volume in the cases of critical rainfall storm (50 mm) and annual average maximum daily rainfall (111.2 mm), and 58 % of runoff volume in the case of maximum daily rainfall (233.6 mm), respectively. all surface runoff can be collected and stored in the cisterns when rainfall amount is less than 135.5 mm in a rainstorm event.
prenatal_development	the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation with 0.35% l-leucine on redox status and gene abundance relating to mitochondrial biogenesis and function in the jejunum of intrauterine growth-retarded (iugr) piglets during early weaning period. according to a 2x2 factorial arrangement, 16 iugr and 16 normal body weight (nbw) piglets were fed a basal diet without l-leucine supplementation or a basal diet plus 0.35% l-leucine supplementation from the age of 14 to 35d. the results showed that compared with nbw piglets, iugr piglets had a lower (p<0.05) jejunal dna concentration, a reduced (p<0.05) manganese superoxide dismutase (mnsod) and total antioxidant capability (t-aoc) activities and mitochondrial dna content in the jejunum. leucine supplementation increased (p<0.05) mnsod and t-aoc activities and decreased (p<0.05) the malondialdehyde content in the jejunum of iugr piglets. the mrna gene abundance of nuclear respiratory factor-1 (nrf1), mitochondrial transcription factor a (tfam), atp synthase (atps), cytochrome c oxidase v (ccox v), cytochrome c and glucokinase in the jejunum of iugr piglets was reduced (p<0.05) compared with nbw piglets. however, nrf1, peroxisome proliferation-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1 alpha, tfam, atps and ccox i mrna gene abundance in the jejunum of iugr piglets were increased (p<0.05) by diets supplemented with leucine. these data indicate that leucine supplementation has therapeutic potential for attenuating intestinal oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction in iugr piglets during the early period of life via increasing enzyme activities and up-regulating mrna gene abundance.
prenatal_development	the increasing functional integrity of the organism during fetal maturation is connected with increasing complex internal coordination. we hypothesize that time scales of complexity and dynamics of heart rate patterns reflect the increasing inter-dependencies within the fetal organism during its prenatal development. we investigated multi-scale complexity, time irreversibility and fractal scaling from 73 fetal magnetocardiographic 30 min recordings over the third trimester. we found different scale dependent complexity changes, increasing medium scale time irreversibility, and increasing long scale fractal correlations (all changes p < 0.05). the results confirm the importance of time scales to be considered in fetal heart rate based developmental indices. (c) 2011 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
prenatal_development	less information is available about site-dependent differences in fetal intrabrain angiogenesis. quantitative evaluation is especially limited, with the measured area limited to the cerebral gray and white matters and the periventricular germinal matrix. we measured vascular density (number of vessels per square millimeter) and percent vascular area (percentage of areas occupied by vessels) of cd34-positive microvessels in 14 human fetal brains, including 4 fetuses at 14-16 weeks of gestation, 5 at 25-28 weeks, and 5 at 35-37 weeks. site-dependent differences were examined among the cerebral cortex, thalamus, internal capsule, corpus callosum, ganglionic eminence, midbrain, and cerebellar cortex and nuclei. the parameters examined tended to be high in the cerebral germinal matrix, thalamus, midbrain, and cerebellum. significant site-dependent differences were observed: lower vascular densities were observed in the internal capsule and corpus callosum than in other parts of the brain (p < 0.05) and a larger percent area was observed in the cerebellar nuclei than in other areas. vascular density was higher during the early than late stage because of the larger numbers of cd34-positive islands of cells in the early stage, although there were several exceptions. percent area was not stage dependent but was almost constant at many sites. consequently, except for developing nuclei, the prenatal development of intrabrain vessels after 15 weeks may proceed without any significant changes in density.
prenatal_development	during palatine rugae development in mice, a cell cluster appeared transiently in the palatine rugae epithelium. the characteristics of these cells were examined histologically and immunohistochemically for anti-cytokeratin (ck) and anti-protein gene product 9.5 (pgp9.5) antibodies using mice from embryonic day 15 (e15) to postnatal day 1 (pn1). at e15, the epithelium of both palatine rugae located in the anterior portion and inter-rugae area consisted of 2-3 cell layers, and palatine rugae have papillae under the epithelium. however, palatine rugae located in the posterior portion have cell clusters in the epithelium. these cells expressed immunopositive reactions for anti-ck18, although they did not react with anti-ck14. under the anti-ck18 immunopositive cell cluster in palatine rugae epithelium, anti-pgp9.5 immunoreactivity was observed in papillae. moreover, the basal cells of the cell cluster showed anti-ck7 immunoreactivity. the cell cluster in palatine rugae epithelium disappeared gradually and anti-ck18 immunopositive cells also disappeared. however, anti-pgp9.5 immunoreactivity in the papilla was maintained after the disappearance of anti-ck18 immunoactivity in the palatine rugae epithelium. at pn1, the epithelium of the palate, including the palatine rugae, was stratified and keratinized. these findings suggested that the cell cluster in the palatine rugae epithelium may be considered as a taste bud-like structure according to the expression pattern for anti-ck and may play an important role in nerve innervation to the papilla under the palatine rugae epithelium.
prenatal_development	objective: this article illustrates early human development, demonstrated by magnetic resonance (mr) microscopy and computer graphics on human embryo specimens, and advanced 3-dimensional (3d) sonography in clinical obstetrics. study design: fixed human embryo specimens were imaged by mr microscopy coupled with computer graphics technology. transvaginal 3d sonography was used to examine embryos in ongoing gestations and compare embryological findings. results: advances in mr microscopy allowed detailed visualization of embryo specimens. computational techniques allowed reconstruction of tomographic images to render them as 3d structures. high-resolution transvaginal 3d sonography produced images that demonstrated the neural tube from week 6; brain anatomy and vasculature from week 8; and craniofacial morphology and other structures from week 11. conclusion: mr microscopy is a novel technique that enables nondestructive, high-resolution imaging of embryo specimens. on the other hand, 3d sonoembryology allows detailed anatomical visualization in vivo and is the basis for the assessment of anomalies as well as human development.
attention	we demonstrate that the notion of a family 'constitution' (self-enforcing, renegotiation-proof norm) requiring adults to provide attention for their elderly parents carries over from a world where identical individuals reproduce asexually, to one where individuals differentiated by sex and preferences marry, have children and bargain over the allocation of domestic resources. in this heterogenous world, couples are sorted by their preferences. if a couple 's common preferences satisfy a certain condition, the couple have an interest in instilling those preferences into their children. policies are generally nonneutral. in particular, wage redistribution may raise, and compulsory education will reduce, the share of the adult population that is governed by family constitutions, and thus the share of the elderly population who receive attention from their children.
attention	roofers have long suffered from low back disorders (lbds), which are a primary nonfatal injury in construction. ergonomic studies have identified several risk factors associated with lbds in workplaces and developed biomechanical models for general lbd risk assessments. however, these models cannot be directly used for assessments in roof workplaces because they are designed for general tasks without considering roofers' posture variance and effects of working on slanted roof surfaces. this paper examined the relationship between roofing work-related factors and lbd risk among roofers using a laboratory assessment. a pitch-configurable wood platform was built to mimic the rooftop. the maximum trunk flexion angle and normalized electromyography (emg) signals were measured as indicators using a motion capture system and a skeletal muscle signal recording system under different settings, i.e., different roof slopes, postures, facing directions, and working paces. the results indicated the measured factors with significant effects on the lbd development and revealed unfavorable conditions (e.g., using a stooped posture to work on low-pitch rooftops at a fast pace) where the work on rooftops needs particular attention. such information is useful for systematic understanding of roofing nonfatal lbd developments among construction professionals and may enable development of interventions and guidelines for reducing the prevalence of lbds at roofing jobsites. (c) 2017 american society of civil engineers.
attention	in the biorefinery context, thermochemical processes have attracted a significant attention in recent years. such processes generally consist of three main steps: pretreatment, thermochemical treatment, and post-treatment. in these developing processes, drying and feeding of biomass feedstock remain a significant and costly challenge. the moisture content of biomass feedstock must be decreased to an economic level at pretreatment step otherwise it has to have a detrimental effect on the process efficiency and quality of products. this work addresses the drying of biomass feedstock using novel but practical technology, called biodrying. it is a green technology that offers an opportunity for biomass drying without using an external heat source or fossil fuels, since drying energy is generated through exothermic microbial activity in the biomass that enhances the drying rate. this paper focuses on technoeconomic assessment of continuous biodrying technology integrated to gasification-based biorefinery and investigates the conditions that make such novel technology viable in conjunction with gasification process. fixed capital investment and operating cost of different biodrying scenarios were estimated as m$4.3-21 and m$0.85/y-3.6/y, respectively, and potential benefits (sludge landfilling cost, energy savings, and carbon credit) from integration of the continuous biodrying system in gasification process implemented in pulp and paper mill were calculated, and ultimately economic performances of the scenarios were assessed. furthermore, the viable biodrying conditions were specified as 4-day residence time and the major viability risk was found to be bound moisture of biomass.
attention	recent years, installation of photovoltaic (pv) system is active by the environmental problem and feed in tariff system. due to pv 's output fluctuation, the static var compensator (svc) made by power electronics technology is planning to install in distribution system. the svc is expected for maintain the voltage. but svc differs in a theory of operation of the existing voltage controller load ratio control transformer (lrt) and step voltage regulator (svr). because the svc operation makes the system impedance changes, the existing voltage controller may not operate effectively. in this study, the intelligent-control method which used the radial basis function (rbf) network is proposed. this method can reduce the effects of the svc operation by including the performance characteristics of svc in the conventional method. an advantage of unnecessary arrangement attention of the svc setup node and easy cooperation with the existing equipment is obtained by applying this method.
attention	environmental managers in the united states and elsewhere are increasingly perceiving dam removal as a critical tool for river restoration and enhancing watershed resilience. in new england, over 125 dams have been dismantled for ecological and economic rationales. a surprising number of these removals, including many that are ongoing, have generated heated conflicts between restoration proponents and local communities who value their dammed landscapes. using a comparative case study approach, we examine the environmental conflict around efforts to remove six dams in new england. each of these removal efforts followed quite different paths and resultant outcomes: successful removal, stalled removal, and failure despite seemingly favorable institutional conditions. lengthy conflicts often transpired in instances where removals occurred, but these were successfully arbitrated by paying attention to local historical-geographical conditions conducive to removal and by brokering effective compromises between dam owners and the various local actors and stakeholders involved in the removal process. yet our results across all cases suggest that these are necessary, but not sufficient conditions for restoration through dam removal since a similar set of conditions typified cases where removals are continuously stalled or completely halted. scholars examining the intersection between ecological restoration and environmental politics should remain vigilant in seeking patterns and generalities across cases of environmental conflict in order to promote important biophysical goals, but must also remain open to the ways in which those goals are thwarted and shaped by conflicts that are deeply contingent on historical-geographical conditions and broader institutional networks of power and influence.
eating_disorders	anorexia nervosa (an) is an eating disorder, mainly affecting women, with a lifetime prevalence of about 1%, that can run a chronic course. while an effective pharmacotherapy is lacking, it is hypothesized that the progesterone and type ii glucocorticoid receptor antagonist mifepristone (ru486) might be useful, as it is well known that the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis (hpa) is activated in an. even if secondary to the eating disorder, an active hpa axis may contribute to maintaining the neuroendocrine, emotional and behavioral effects observed in an. more specifically, it is suggested that the hpa axis interacts with limbic structures, including the insular and prefrontal cortices, to uphold the changes in interoceptive and emotional awareness seen in an. as such, it is proposed that mifepristone (ru486) reverses these effects by acting on these limbic regions. in conclusion, the theoretical efficacy of mifepristone (ru486) in improving symptoms of an should be tested in randomized clinical trials. (c) 2016 elsevier inc all rights reserved.
eating_disorders	billions of birds migrate long distances to either reach breeding areas or to spend the winter at more benign places. on migration, most passerines frequently stop over to rest and replenish their fuel reserves. to date, we know little regarding how they decide that they are ready to continue their journey. what physiological signals tell a bird 's brain that its fuel reserves are sufficient to resume migration? a network of hormones regulates food intake and body mass in vertebrates, including the recently discovered peptide hormone, ghrelin. here, we show that ghrelin reflects body condition and influences migratory behavior of wild birds. we measured ghrelin levels of wild garden warblers (sylvia borin) captured at a stopover site. further, we manipulated blood concentrations of ghrelin to test its effects on food intake and migratory restlessness. we found that acylated ghrelin concentrations of garden warblers with larger fat scores were higher than those of birds without fat stores. further, injections of unacylated ghrelin decreased food intake and increased migratory restlessness. these results represent experimental evidence that appetite-regulating hormones control migratory behavior. our study lays a milestone in migration physiology because it provides the missing link between ecologically dependent factors such as condition and timing of migration. in addition, it offers insights in the regulation of the hormonal system controlling food intake and energy stores in vertebrates, whose disruption causes eating disorders and obesity.
eating_disorders	polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos), the most common endocrine condition in women, is often anecdotally associated with binge eating behaviours and food cravings; however there is a paucity of research. this study aimed to report the prevalence of binge eating and food cravings and their relation to obesity risk in women with pcos. participants completed an online survey including the bulimia investigatory test, edinburgh, food cravings-trait questionnaire and the three factor eating questionnaire revised-18. the study included obese (n = 340), overweight (n = 70) and lean (n = 45) women with pcos and lean healthy women (n = 40). sixty percent of obese women with pcos were categorised with binge-eating behaviour, with 39% presenting with clinically significant behaviour. obese women with pcos presented with high mean food cravings-trait scores (131.6 +/- 28.9) that were significantly greater compared with lean (114.0 +/- 34.9) and overweight women with pcos (120.1 +/- 29.5; p < 0.001). multiple regression exploring relations between eating styles and adiposity explained 57% of the variance in binge eating symptom scores in women with pcos (f = 130.4; p < 0.001, n = 463): significant predictors were food cravings total score (beta = 0.53; p < 0.001), emotional eating score (beta = 0.18; p < 0.001), body mass index (beta = 0.11; p < 0.001) and uncontrolled eating score (beta = 0.009; p = 0.02). compared with lean healthy women, lean women with pcos exhibited significantly higher binge eating symptom scores (10.9 +/- 7.8 versus 7.4 +/- 6.0; p < 0.05), though similar total food craving scores (114.0 +/- 34.9 versus 105.6 +/- 26.6: ns). this study is the largest, to date, to robustly report that a high proportion of women with pcos exhibit binge eating behaviours. we recommend screening women with pcos for binge eating behaviours to help inform the choice of weight management approach for this clinical population. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
eating_disorders	eating disorders hold a unique place among mental health disorders, in that salient symptoms can be objectively observed and measured rather than determined only from patient interviews or subjective evaluations. because of this measurement advantage alone, evidence-based medicine would be expected there to make the most rapid strides. however, conclusions in eating disorders research, as in all medical research literature, often continue to be misleading or ambiguous. one major and long-known source of such problems is the misuse and misinterpretation of "" statistical significance"", with "" p values"" strewn throughout research papers like so much confetti, a problem that has become systemic, that is, enforced, rather than corrected, by the peer-review system. this discussion attempts to clarify the issues, and to suggest how readers might deal with this issue in processing the research literature.
eating_disorders	background: compulsive exercise (ce) has been proposed as significant in the etiology, development and maintenance of eating disorders (eds), resulting in more severe and enduring pathology. however, few studies have investigated ce longitudinally in adolescents with eds. we aimed to test if adolescents show the same associations between ce and other clinical variables as previous research has found in adults. methods: three thousand one hundred sixteen girls and 139 boys from a clinical ed database were investigated regarding prevalence and frequency of ce and its relation to psychiatric symptoms, associated features and outcome. denial of illness is common among adolescents and was therefore adjusted for. results: adjusted ce prevalence in girls was 44%, and ce was most prevalent in bulimia nervosa. as previously found in adults, those with ce scored significantly higher than non-ce on total ed severity, level of restriction and negative perfectionism. however, there were only minor differences between ce and non-ce patients on emotional distress, hyperactivity, suicidality and self-esteem. among boys, adjusted ce prevalence was 38%, and ce boys scored significantly higher than non-ce on total ed severity. initial ce did not influence 1-year outcome, although cessation of ce was associated with remission. conclusions: ce is a common clinical feature in adolescents with eds and cessation is associated with remission. when controlling for denial of illness, ce had less detrimental impact than predicted. we recommend controlling for denial in studies on ed adolescents and further exploration of classification and treatment implications of ce.
borderline_personality_disorder	affective instability, conceptualized as fluctuations in mood over time, has been related to ill-health and psychopathology. in this study, we examined the role of affective instability on daily pain outcomes in 70 patients with chronic pain (m-age = 49.7 years; 46 females) using an end-of-day diary. during a baseline phase, patients completed self-reported questionnaires of pain severity, pain duration, disability, depression, and anxiety. during a subsequent diary phase, patients filled out an electronic end-of-day diary over 14 consecutive days assessing daily levels of pain severity, disability, cognitive complaints, negative affect (na) and positive affect. affective instability was operationalized as the mean square of successive differences in daily mood (separately for na and positive affect), which takes into account the size of affective changes over consecutive days. results indicated that na instability was positively associated with daily disability, beyond the effects of daily pain severity. furthermore, na instability moderated the relationship between daily pain severity and daily disability and the relationship between daily pain severity and daily cognitive complaints. positive affect instability, however, showed to be unrelated to all outcomes. current findings extend previous results and reveal the putative role of affective instability on pain-related outcomes and may yield important clinical implications. indeed, they suggest that targeting na instability by improving emotion regulation skills may be a strategy to diminish disability and cognitive complaints in patients with chronic pain.
borderline_personality_disorder	suicidal behavior among u.s. military personnel persists as a significant public health issue. previous research indicates the primary motive for suicide attempts among military personnel is the desire to reduce or alleviate emotional distress, a finding that converges with studies in nonmilitary samples. much less is understood about the consequences of a first suicide attempt that could influence the occurrence of additional suicide attempts. in order to identify these contingencies, 134 active duty soldiers who had attempted suicide (n=69 first-time attempters, n=65 multiple attempters) participated in structured interviews focused on their experiences immediately following their first attempt. soldiers were more likely to have made multiple suicide attempts if they were younger at the time of their first attempt, were not admitted to a hospital or treatment program after their first attempt, or experienced emotional and psychological relief immediately afterwards. results suggest that soldiers who experience emotional and/or psychological relief immediately after their first suicide attempt or do not receive treatment are more likely to make additional suicide attempts. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
borderline_personality_disorder	background: psychiatric illness is common among young adults, but there are only a few studies examining their views about the care they receive. there is a paradigm shift towards person-centred care and, therefore, a need for patients' perspectives in the development of clinical guidelines. aim: the aim of this study was to examine the views about provided psychiatric care in a group of young adult psychiatric patients.method: this study was part of a larger study. patients between the ages of 19-29 years old (n=127) diagnosed with bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, and/or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder were interviewed. participants answered open-ended questions concerning their views about provided psychiatric care in six different areas.result: the results were categorized into six themes: (1) wish for better diagnostic assessments, (2) dissatisfaction with treatment, (3) inadequate information, (4) lack of professional attitude, (5) feeling abandoned, and (6) satisfaction with care.conclusion: young psychiatric patients expressed a need for improvement of services that, if implemented, could make psychiatric care more person-centred.
borderline_personality_disorder	introduction: borderline personality disorder (bpd) is a common and severe mental illness. early detection is important and reliable screening instruments are required. to date, however, there has been no evidence of any specific bpd screening tool validated for the spanish-speaking population. the mclean screening instrument for borderline personality disorder (msi-bpd) is a 10-item self-report questionnaire that can detect the presence of bpd in a reliable and quick manner. the aim of the present study is the validation of the msi-bpd for its use in the spanish-speaking population. method: psychometric properties of the msi-bpd spanish version were examined in a sample of 344 participants (170 outpatients with the possible diagnosis of bpd and 174 healthy controls). results: exploratory factor analysis revealed the existence of a bi-factorial structure. the scale showed a high internal consistency (kr-20 = 0.873) and an optimal test-retest reliability (icc = 0.87). using logistic regression analyses and taking the dib-r as reference, a best cut-off of 7 was determined, obtaining a good sensitivity (0.71) and specificity (0.68). the area under the curve, was 0.742 (95% ci 0.660-0.824). the discriminant analysis showed a classification ability of 72.8%. conclusions: the spanish version of the msi-bpd has good psychometric properties as a measure for the screening of bpd. its ease and quickness of use make it valuable to detect the presence of bpd in clinical and research settings. (c) 2016 sep y sepb. published by elsevier espana, s.l.u. all rights reserved.
borderline_personality_disorder	objectives: reduced dentate gyrus volume and increased oxidative stress have emerged as potential pathophysiological mechanisms in bipolar disorder. however, the relationship between dentate gyrus volume and peripheral oxidative stress markers remains unknown. here, we examined dentate gyrus-cornu ammonis (ca) 4 volume longitudinally in patients with bipolar ii disorder (bd-ii) and healthy controls and investigated whether bd-ii is associated with elevated peripheral levels of oxidative stress. methods: we acquired high-resolution structural 3t-magnetic resonance imaging (mri) images and quantified hippocampal subfield volumes using an automated segmentation algorithm in individuals with bd-ii (n=29) and controls (n=33). the participants were scanned twice, at study inclusion and on average 2.4 years later. in addition, we measured peripheral levels of two lipid peroxidation markers (4-hydroxy-2-nonenal [4-hne] and lipid hydroperoxides [lph]). results: first, we demonstrated that the automated hippocampal subfield segmentation technique employed in this work reliably measured dentate gyrus-ca4 volume. second, we found a decreased left dentate gyrus-ca4 volume in patients and that a larger number of depressive episodes between t1 and t2 predicted greater volume decline. finally, we showed that 4-hne was elevated in bd-ii and that 4-hne was negatively associated with left and right dentate gyrus-ca4 volumes in patients. conclusions: these results are consistent with a role for the dentate gyrus in the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder and suggest that depressive episodes and elevated oxidative stress might contribute to hippocampal volume decreases. in addition, these findings provide further support for the hypothesis that peripheral lipid peroxidation markers may reflect brain alterations in bipolar disorders.
prosocial_behavior	in germany, high prevalence rates for problematic alcohol use and problematic internet use in adolescents were reported. the objective of the present study was to identify psychopathological factors associated with these two behavior patterns. to our knowledge, this is the first investigation assessing psychopathological factors for both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use in the same sample of adolescents. we surveyed a sample of 1444 adolescents in germany regarding problematic alcohol use, problematic internet use, psychopathology and psychological well-being. we conducted binary logistic regression analyses. 5.6% of the sample showed problematic alcohol use, 4.8% problematic internet use, and 0.8% both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use. problematic alcohol use was higher in adolescents with problematic internet use compared to those without problematic internet use. conduct problems and depressive symptoms were statistically significant associated with both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use. prosocial behavior was related to problematic internet use. male gender and less peer problems were associated with problematic alcohol use. for the first time associations between adolescent problematic alcohol and problematic internet use due to common psychopathological factors were identified. however, in addition to shared factors, we found also specific psychopathological correlates associated with these two behavior patterns. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
prosocial_behavior	this paper explores the effect of video game content, context and experience on cooperative behavior over three research studies. study 1 is a cross-sectional correlation study exploring the relationship between the video game team-play frequency and pro-social behavior, study 2 is a 2 (game content: violent video game and neutral video game) x 2 (game context: single-play and team-play) design with the dependent variable being cooperative behavior and study 3 is a single factor design experiment which examines the effect of the gaming experience on cooperative behavior under a collaborative context. the main findings were that the team-play frequency had a positive correlation with pro-social behavior, and pro-social video game exposure significantly predicted pro-social behavior. collaborative play was found to significantly increase cooperation in both violent and neutral video games. however, the level of gaming experience tended to moderate the relationship between collaborative play and the level of cooperation. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
prosocial_behavior	currently teachers play an increasingly important role as informants in the context of psychological diagnostic processes. it is still uncertain how far rater agreement between students and their teachers as well as agreement between different self-report scales can be affected by specific characteristics of the students as age and gender. in a sample of n = 189 students (mean age = 13,69; sd = 2,26; age span: 9 to 18 years), it was tested if these characteristics have impact on the amount of agreement between teachers' and students' ratings concerning social and learning behavior in a regression model. secondary it was tested if the agreement between different self-report scales regarding social and learning behavior as well as prosocial behavior and psychological stress is effected by the student 's age and gender. it appears that rater agreements between girls and their teachers are larger than between boys and their teachers. possible explanations for these results are discussed.
prosocial_behavior	recently, concerns have been raised that adolescents' prolific social media use may cause them to become less empathic. however, direct empirical evidence is missing and research suggests that social media use can also be beneficial for adolescents' psychosocial development. the present study aims to investigate whether and how social media use influences empathy. we surveyed 942 dutch adolescents (10-14 years) twice, with a one-year interval. the results showed that social media use is related to an increase in cognitive and affective empathy over time. specifically, adolescents' social media use improved both their ability to understand (cognitive empathy) and share the feelings of their peers (affective empathy). (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
prosocial_behavior	drawing on norm-activation theory, this study explores the link between tourists' perceptions of the negative impacts of tourism and their perceived responsibility. a proposed theoretical framework was examined and verified through exploratory and confirmatory research processes. self-administered questionnaires were collected at two unesco world natural heritage sites in china. the findings of this research suggest that tourists' perceptions of the negative impacts of tourism positively affect their ascription of responsibility, which positively influences tourists' perceptions of responsibility. nevertheless, the accessibility of information about tourism impacts is far from enough to foster in tourists a sense of responsibility, which is important for the promotion of responsible behaviours. several practical implications are provided to address tourists' sense of responsibility, including enhancing tourists' awareness of negative tourism impacts, increasing the availability and accessibility of information about tourism impacts, and recommending behaviours for tourists to make a positive difference to destinations.
false_memories	false memories commonly activate the anterior/dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (a/dlpfc) and the hippocampus. these regions are assumed to work in concert during false memories, which would predict a positive correlation between the magnitudes of activity in these regions across participants. however, the a/dlpfc may also inhibit the hippocampus, which would predict a negative correlation between the magnitudes of activity in these regions. in the present functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) study, during encoding, participants viewed abstract shapes in the left or right visual field. during retrieval, participants classified each old shape as previously in the left or right visual field followed by an unsure-sure-very sure confidence rating. the contrast of left-hits and left-misses produced two activations in the hippocampus and three activations in the left a/dlpfc. for each participant, activity associated with false memories (right-left-very sure responses) from the two hippocampal regions was plotted as a function of activity in each a/dlpfc region. across participants, for one region in the left anterior prefrontal cortex, there was a negative correlation between the magnitudes of activity in this region and the hippocampus. this suggests that the anterior prefrontal cortex might inhibit the hippocampus during false memories and that participants engage either the anterior prefrontal cortex or the hippocampus during false memories.
false_memories	rating the relevance of words for the imagined situation of being stranded in the grasslands without survival material leads to exceptionally good memory for these words. this survival processing effect has received much attention because it promises to elucidate the evolutionary foundations of memory. however, the proximate mechanisms of the survival processing effect have to be identified before informed speculations about its adaptive function are possible. here, we test and contrast 2 promising accounts of the survival processing effect. according to the 1st account, the effect is the consequence of the prioritized processing of threat-related information. according to the 2nd account, thinking about the relevance of items for survival stimulates thinking about object function, which is a particularly elaborate form of encoding. experiment 1 showed that the emotional properties of the survival scenario, as manipulated by the negative or positive framing of the scenario, did not influence recall. a focus on threat at encoding led to worse recall than a focus on function. the latter finding was replicated in experiment 2, which further showed that focusing on threat did not lead to a memory advantage over a pleasantness control condition. the beneficial effect of inducing a functional focus at encoding even surpasses that of the standard survival processing instruction. together, the results support the theory that thinking about function is an important component of the survival processing effect.
false_memories	background. the production of false memories (fms) is a normal phenomenon, which can be affected in neurodegenerative diseases such as alzheimer 's disease (ad). only few studies investigated fms in patients with dementia with lewy bodies (dlb). objective. the aim of our preliminary study was to assess fms in patients with dlb and to identify the underlying cognitive deficits influencing the production of fms in dlb and ad. methods. ten ad patients and nine dlb patients performed a memory task (free recall and recognition) coupling two paradigms, namely the drm (deese-roediger-mcdermott) paradigm, promoting the production of fms and the ""remember/know"" (r/k) paradigm, allowing to investigate the phenomenological experience during the recollection of a memory. a standard cognitive evaluation of memory, executive and instrumental functions completed the assessment. results. no fm was found in the dlb group during free recall, while the number of fms was substantially identical in both groups during recognition. however, fms differed from the phenomenological experience, with more k responses in dlb patients and more r responses in ad patients. none of the tests of the standard neuropsychological evaluation did correlate with measures of interest of fms. conclusion. in ad patients, the r responses associated with fms reflect an alteration of the source memory. in dlb patients, the critical item lead to a sense of familiarity, without recollection of the circumstances in which the item was encoded, hence the k responses. this indicates a preservation of their source memory. contrary to expectations, the type of fms in both groups was not correlated to their cognitive profile. hence, cognitive processes underlying the fms appear to be different in ad and the lbd, but fms seem independent of memory and executive abilities in these diseases.
false_memories	because of its reconstructive nature, autobiographical memory (am) is subject to a range of distortions. one distortion involves the erroneous incorporation of features from one episodic memory into another, forming what are known as memory conjunction errors. healthy aging has been associated with an enhanced susceptibility to conjunction errors for laboratory stimuli, yet it is unclear whether these findings translate to the autobiographical domain. we investigated the impact of aging on vulnerability to am conjunction errors, and explored potential cognitive processes underlying the formation of these errors. an imagination recombination paradigm was used to elicit am conjunction errors in young and older adults. participants also completed a battery of neuropsychological tests targeting relational memory and inhibition ability. consistent with findings using laboratory stimuli, older adults were more susceptible to am conjunction errors than younger adults. however, older adults were not differentially vulnerable to the inflating effects of imagination. individual variation in am conjunction error vulnerability was attributable to inhibitory capacity. an inability to suppress the cumulative familiarity of individual am details appears to contribute to the heightened formation of am conjunction errors with age.
false_memories	objective: the trauma model of dissociative identity disorder (did) posits that did is etiologically related to chronic neglect and physical and/or sexual abuse in childhood. in contrast, the fantasy model posits that did can be simulated and is mediated by high suggestibility, fantasy proneness, and sociocultural influences. to date, these two models have not been jointly tested in individuals with did in an empirical manner. method: this study included matched groups [patients (n = 33) and controls (n = 32)] that were compared on psychological trauma and fantasy measures: diagnosed genuine did (did-g, n = 17), did-simulating healthy controls (did-s, n = 16), individuals with post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd, n = 16), and healthy controls (hc, n = 16). additionally, personality-state-dependent measures were obtained for did-g and did-s; both neutral personality states (nps) and trauma-related personality states (tps) were tested. conclusion: for trauma measures, the did-g group had the highest scores, with tps higher than nps, followed by the ptsd, did-s, and hc groups. the did-g group was not more fantasy-prone or suggestible and did not generate more false memories. malingering measures were inconclusive. evidence consistently supported the trauma model of did and challenges the core hypothesis of the fantasy model.
problem-solving	there is growing interest in the description of short-lived patterns in the spatiotemporal cortical activity monitored via neuroimaging. most traditional analysis methods, designed to estimate relatively long-term brain dynamics, are not always appropriate to capture these patterns. here we introduce a novel data-driven approach for detecting short-lived fmri brain activity patterns. exploiting density peak clustering (rodriguez and laio [2014]), our approach reveals well localized clusters by identifying and grouping together voxels whose time-series are similar, irrespective of their brain location, even when very short time windows (similar to 10 volumes) are used. the method, which we call coherence density peak clustering (cdpc), is first tested on simulated data and compared with a standard unsupervised approach for fmri analysis, independent component analysis (ica). cdpc identifies activated voxels with essentially no false-positives and proves more reliable than ica, which is troubled by a number of false positives comparable to that of true positives. the reliability of the method is demonstrated on real fmri data from a simple motor task, containing brief iterations of the same movement. the clusters identified are found in regions expected to be involved in the task, and repeat synchronously with the paradigm. the methodology proposed is especially suitable for the study of short-time brain dynamics and single trial experiments, where the event or task of interest cannot be repeated for the same subject, as happens, for instance, in problem-solving, learning and decision-making. a gui implementation of our method is available for download at https://github.com/micheleallegra/cdpc. (c) 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
problem-solving	a vast number of problem solving frameworks have been established in the realms of management, business, mathematics, healthcare, aerospace, law and etcetera towards facilitating effective decision making in normative form in particular. it was learnt that those problem solving frameworks are originated mainly from practical exercises of practitioners and/or improvement/revision of an earlier frameworks. against this bottom-up approach in the establishment of problem solving frameworks, this paper continues promoting the establishment of a problem solving framework following top-down approach by synthesizing the deductive inference i.e., the second inference process of pragmatism 's scientific method. the synthesis has resulted in the identification of the decision sub-processes of pragmatism 's deductive inference namely analysis and demonstration. this paper posits that these two decision processes are aligned with both the key and strategies of the decision processes of the renowned problem solving frameworks in practice in management, business, mathematics, healthcare and law and hence, the decision processes of deductive inference in particular and pragmatism 's philosophical method in general is an alternative for decision making processes and problem solving frameworks following the top-down approach.
problem-solving	purpose - the purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of human resource development (hrd) education in middle eastern countries. in particular, the authors discuss the current state of hrd education, country readiness and challenges that hinder hrd progress in middle eastern countries. they argue that hrd programs need to prepare young employees for leadership roles through adapting constructivist pedagogy, including problem-solving, critical thinking and creativity. design/methodology/approach - the design of this paper followed a qualitative approach. the authors conducted in-depth interviews with five hrd experts in middle eastern countries and conducted integrative literature review and secondary data analysis. findings -data analysis provided an overview of hrd education, looked at options individuals interested in hrd education might have, provided views on constructivism vs instructivism as education pedagogies and discussed cultural factors that impede critical reflection in the workplace. research limitations/implications - to understand how to introduce constructivist elements to instructivist learning cultures, and to sustain it, hrd scholars in the middle eastern countries need to diminish the misalignment between instructional philosophies of trainers, trainees and national or institutional systems. practical implications - understanding how policy, resources, infrastructure and culture influence learning expectations is vital to introducing innovative training activities or scaling them up to other workshops and systems. originality/value - this research sheds light on hrd education in the middle eastern countries; provides an overview of employment challenges and opportunities to improve workplace learning; and provides scholars, practitioners and other stakeholders interested in hrd with suggestions to develop successful workforce education.
problem-solving	sugars are the most stereochemically intricate family of biomolecules and present substantial challenges to anyone trying to understand their nomenclature, reactions or branched structures. current crystallographic programs provide an abstraction layer allowing inexpert structural biologists to build complete protein or nucleic acid model components automatically either from scratch or with little manual intervention. this is, however, still not generally true for sugars. the need for carbohydrate-specific building and validation tools has been highlighted a number of times in the past, concomitantly with the introduction of a new generation of experimental methods that have been ramping up the production of protein-sugar complexes and glycoproteins for the past decade. while some incipient advances have been made to address these demands, correctly modelling and refining carbohydrates remains a challenge. this article will address many of the typical difficulties that a structural biologist may face when dealing with carbohydrates, with an emphasis on problem solving in the resolution range where x-ray crystallography and cryo-electron microscopy are expected to overlap in the next decade.
problem-solving	objective: to compare perception of students on usefulness of interactive tutorials and clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials. methods: the cross-sectional study was carried out from january 2012 to november 2013 at bahria university medical and dental college, karachi. the perception of medical students on usefulness of interactive tutorials and clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials was acquired through a questionnaire distributed to medical students having completed the first two years of studies. the responses on various aspects of learning of physiology were acquired on a scale of poor, good or excellent. the learning abilities and acquired skills were compared in terms of not at all, to some extent, and to great extent. data was analysed using spss 15. results: of the hundred students initially enrolled, complete response was obtained from 83(83%). of them, 47(57%) were females. there was significant difference in understanding of structure and function by clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials (p=0.04). the students preferred clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials as far as understating of difficult concepts was concerned (p < 0.01). presentation skills were improved by interactive tutorials (p=0.02) whereas clinical reasoning skills acquired by clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials was found to be significantly better (p < 0.05). both tutorials helped in the learning of content of physiology. conclusion: clinical reasoning skills were acquired more by clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials that helped in better understanding of structure and functions.
prejudice	existing studies have found that restaurant servers sometimes deliver service that is informed by their customers' race. however, we know considerably less about the causes underlying such discriminatory behaviors within the restaurant context. in this study, we advance this literature by analyzing data derived from a survey of restaurant servers (n = 195) to assess the effects of working in a racialized workplace environment, characterized by racist and stereotypical discourse, on servers' reports of providing race-based service. our findings reveal a strong statistically significant positive relationship between observing racialized workplace discourse and servers' self-professed discriminatory behaviors. furthermore, we find that these effects are not mediated or moderated by servers' willingness to participate in the discursive spreading of racial stereotypes by discussing their customers' race with peers. we conclude by identifying suggestions that restaurant leaders might consider to reduce racial discrimination within the restaurant industry.
prejudice	this study examines the factorial invariance of the scale on beliefs about children 's adjustment in same-sex families (sbcassf) across countries in three samples: chilean, spanish, and hispanic university students. the scale analyzes attitudes toward the consequences of the rearing and education of children by parents with a homosexual sexual orientation. the instrument consists of two subscales: individual opposition and normative opposition. the spanish sample is composed of 199 university students, the chilean sample is made up of 279 students, and the hispanic sample consists of 114 students. the results provide empirical evidence for the reliability of the sbcassf in the samples from the countries and its factorial invariance (strict invariance). results are also provided about differences between countries and by sex. the sbcassf could be a potentially useful measure for educators, psychologists, and other mental health professionals who wish to study beliefs about the child-rearing practices of same-sex parents.
prejudice	there are clear and compelling racial disparities in access to renal transplant, which is the therapy of choice for many patients with end stage renal disease. this paper conceptualizes the role of racism (i.e., internalized, personally-mediated, and institutionalized) in creating and perpetuating these disparities at multiple levels of the social ecology by integrating two often-cited theories in the literature. internalized racism is manifested at the intrapersonal level when, for example, african american patients devalue their self-worth, thereby not pursuing the most aggressive treatment available. personally-mediated racism is manifested at the interpersonal level when, for example, physicians exhibit unconscious race bias that impacts their treatment decisions. one example of institutionalized racism being manifested at the institutional, community, and public policy levels is the long-standing existence of racial residential segregation and empirically established links between neighborhood racial composition and dialysis facility-level transplantation rates. this paper concludes with clinical, research, and policy recommendations.
prejudice	objectives: based on the premise that internalized homonegativity (ih) is a product of the incorporation of environmental heterosexism, the authors examined the influence of sociopolitical and individual influences on ih. methods: the cross-sectional study consisted of 109,382 gay and bisexual men across 77 countries. results: variables at the (european) country-level that were associated with higher levels of ih included lack of laws recognizing same-sex relationships and perceived and actual negative gay-related public opinion about homosexuals. individual-level variables significantly associated with ih were public opinion about homosexuals and exposure to gay-related victimization/discrimination. conclusions: an improved sociopolitical climate for lgb individuals is needed.
prejudice	we investigated the effects of different perspective taking instructions on emotional variables in the context of intergroup reconciliation. in three experiments we found that individual-level and group-level perspective taking increased willingness to compensate an outgroup for historical transgressions of the ingroup. the data suggests that the two forms of perspective taking trigger different psychological processes. individual-level perspective taking was more strongly linked to feelings of empathy. group-level perspective taking increased feelings of collective guilt. collective guilt mediated the positive effect of group-level perspective taking on willingness to compensate. no such effect was found for individual-level perspective taking.
antisocial_personality_disorder	around half the inmates in prison institutions have antisocial personality disorder (aspd). a recent theory has proposed that a dysfunction of the endogenous opioid system (eos) underlies the neurobiology of borderline personality disorder (bpd). in the present theoretical paper, based on a comprehensive database and hand search of the relevant literature, this hypothesis is extended to aspd, which may be the predominant expression of eos dysfunction in men, while the same pathology underlies bpd in women. according to evidence from human and animal studies, the problematic behaviours of persons with antisocial, callous, or psychopathic traits may be seen as desperate, unconscious attempts to stimulate their deficient eos, which plays a key role in brain reward circuits. if the needs of this system are not being met, the affected persons experience dysphoric mood, discomfort, or irritability, and strive to increase binding of endogenous opioids to receptors by using the rewarding effects of aggression by exertion of physical or manipulative power on others, by abusing alcohol or substances that have the reward system as target, by creating an endorphin rush by self-harm, by increasing the frequency of their sexual contacts, or by impulsive actions and sensation seeking. symptoms associated with aspd can be treated with opioid antagonists like naltrexone, naloxone, or nalmefene. copyright (c) 2015 john wiley & sons, ltd.
antisocial_personality_disorder	currently, psychopathy and related terms such as antisocial personality disorder are popular yet problematic constructs within forensic psychology and other disciplines. psychopathy is traced typically to the works of pinel and prichard in the early 19(th) century, and it has even been linked to biblical passages, although there appears to be little or no support for the latter claim. the first use of the term psychopathy in german psychiatry of the mid-19(th) century referred only to psychological disturbance in general, or personality diseases', although german psychiatrists such as kraepelin did propose more specific definitions of the term related to social deviance. our modern understanding of psychopathy as a psychiatric disorder of an undetermined genetic origin involving antisocial elements and a lack of feeling or concern for others owes much to the clinical work and writings of cleckley. antisocial personality disorder appears similarly to derive from the work of psychiatric nosologists like kraepelin and schneider, while sociopathy is due more to the work of partridge in the 1920s and 1930s.
antisocial_personality_disorder	purpose - the purpose of this paper is to explore the different clinical features of pathological demand avoidance (pda) and antisocial personality disorder (aspd) presented in the form of a single case study. the study highlights the potential of misdiagnosis and conceptual confusions to practitioners in forensic settings between the two conditions when working with offenders with personality disorders. design/methodology/approach - a case formulation using the ""five ps"" method based on the personal history of an incarcerated male is presented and the clinical similarities and differences between pda and aspd are delineated. these differences and similarities are evaluated and applied to offender management including intervention options. findings - there are considerable similarities between aspd and pda making the two conditions difficult to separate. both diagnostic criteria identify childhood behavioural problems, aggression, destructiveness, conduct disorder (cd), manipulation and non-compliance as indications of the disorder. for example, the criteria for later adult aspd are the presence of childhood antisocial behaviour and cd. however, these behaviours may also be suggestive of the attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and non-compliance that are part of pda. violent behaviours and aggression can also be perceived in a similar way. misdiagnosis of pda as aspd reduces the efficiency of treatment programmes. originality/value - the implications of these findings could prove useful in the successful risk management of offenders with pda. given the similar behavioural characteristics between pda and aspd, the prevalence of pda among offenders may be higher than observed. the aim of this study is to raise awareness of potential conceptual complications and clinical confusions between the two conditions with a view to aid offender management through case formulation. a large scale study into offenders with pda would draw attention to the prevalence of the condition as well as its association with offending behaviour.
antisocial_personality_disorder	objective: to identify subgroups of forensic psychiatric patients based on the age onset of serious mental illness and offending and assess the external validity of the subgroups with theoretically based sociodemographic, clinical, legal and risk-related variables. method: the age onset of serious mental illness and criminal contact was ascertained for a sample of 232 patients. a range of sociodemographic, clinical, legal and risk-related variables were coded to assess whether age onset subgroups differed in a manner consistent with the literature on typologies of mentally ill offenders. results: one-quarter of the sample was classified as early starters (patients whose first offense occurred before becoming mentally ill), while two-thirds were late starters (where first offense occurred following illness onset). a small percentage (8%) of patients were deemed late late starters, defined as late starters who had experienced 10+ years of illness and were >37years upon first arrest. a larger proportion of early starters had a substance use disorder, antisocial personality disorder and a greater number of static/historical risk factors for violence. early starters were younger upon first arrest and had more previous criminal contacts compared to late starters and late late starters. mental illness was found to start later in life for late late starters; this group was also more likely to have been married and to have a spouse as victim in the index offense. conclusion: we found support for distinct subgroups of mentally ill offenders based on the age onset of illness and criminal contact. compared to late starters, offenses committed by early starters may be motivated more frequently by antisocial lifestyle and attitudes, as well as more instrumental behaviors related to substance abuse. in addition, late late starters may represent a distinct third subgroup within late starters, characterized by relatively higher levels of functioning and social stability; future work should replicate. findings suggest different rehabilitation needs of the subgroups.
antisocial_personality_disorder	background: people in treatment for substance use disorder commonly have comorbid personality disorders, including antisocial personality disorder. little is known about treatments that specifically address comorbid antisocial personality disorder. methods: self-rated help received for antisocial personality disorder was assessed during follow-ups at 3, 9 and 15 months post-randomization of a randomized trial of psychoeducation for people with comorbid substance use and antisocial personality disorder (n = 175). results: randomization to psychoeducation was associated with increased perceived help for antisocial personality disorder. perceived help for antisocial personality disorder was in turn associated with more days abstinent and higher treatment satisfaction at the 3-month follow-up, and reduced risk of dropping out of treatment after the 3-month follow-up, and perceived help mediated the effects of random assignment on days abstinent at 3-month. follow-up. conclusions: brief psychoeducation for antisocial personality disorder increased patients' self-rated help for antisocial personality disorder in substance abuse treatment, and reporting having received help for antisocial personality disorder was in turn associated with better short-term outcomes, e.g., days abstinent, dropout from treatment and treatment satisfaction.
nonverbal_communication	the phenotype of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 (cdkl5) syndrome includes rett syndrome variant with early onset seizures, early onset epileptic encephalopathy; and severe developmental delay. autistic features have often been reported in literature, but detailed reports of the behavior of these individuals are lacking. we describe the clinical picture of a girl aged 15 years 9 months affected by cdkl5 syndrome, with special attention to the neurobehavioral phenotype. the evaluation showed, apart from a profound intellectual disability, the presence of atypical features of behavior, mainly in relating to people, in imitation, and in verbal and nonverbal communication, thus justifying the diagnosis of comorbid autism spectrum disorder. a formal assessment of the behavior, through appropriate tools, is necessary to choose the most appropriate rehabilitative intervention and to characterize in more detail the cdkl5 syndrome phenotype. we propose a testing protocol for the neurobehavioral assessment of these patients.
nonverbal_communication	whereas the question of verbal versus nonverbal primacy has gained intensive interest, considerably less attention has been devoted to parental response to children 's verbal/nonverbal incongruence. this study comprehensively analyzed parental responses to children 's incongruence during mutual interactions. parent-child interactions (n = 160) in structured joint game sequences were filmed in their homes and analyzed using a mixed multivariate design. unexpectedly, parents related almost equally to verbal and nonverbal channels. the analysis of a wide range of social and situational contexts, including child 's sex, parent 's sex, ses, and task difficulty, highlighted their significant effects and delineated the contexts that activated verbal primacy, nonverbal primacy, and incongruent responses. this study provides a composite theoretical framework for the relative dominance of verbal versus nonverbal communication.
nonverbal_communication	socio-motor improvisation is defined as the creative action of two or more people without a script or anticipated preparation. it is evaluated through two main parameters: movement synchronization and movement richness. experts in art (e.g., dance, theater or music) are known to exhibit higher synchronization and to perform richer movements during interpersonal improvisation, but how these competences evolve over time is largely unknown. in the present study, we investigated whether performing more synchronized and richer movements over time can promote the acquisition of improvisation. pairs of novice participants were instructed to play an improvisation mirror game in three different sessions. between sessions, they performed an unintended interpersonal coordination task in which synchronization and richness were manipulated, resulting in four different groups of dyads. our results demonstrate that synchronization during improvisation improved for all groups whereas movement richness only enhanced for dyads that performed synchronized movements during unintended coordination tasks. our findings suggest that movement synchrony contributes more than movement richness to the acquisition of socio-motor improvisation in the mirror game. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
nonverbal_communication	human body odor is a source of important social information. in this study, we explore whether the sex of an individual can be established based on smelling axillary odor and whether exposure to male and female odors biases chemosensory and social perception. in a double-blind, pseudo-randomized application, 31 healthy normosmic heterosexual male and female raters were exposed to male and female chemosignals (odor samples of 27 heterosexual donors collected during a cardio workout) and a no odor sample. recipients rated chemosensory samples on a masculinity-femininity scale and provided intensity, familiarity and pleasantness ratings. additionally, the modulation of social perception (gender neutral faces and personality attributes) and affective introspection (mood) by male and female chemosignals was assessed. male and female axillary odors were rated as rather masculine, regardless of the sex of the donor. as opposed to the masculinity bias in the odor perception, a femininity bias modulating social perception appeared. a facilitated femininity detection in gender neutral faces and personality attributes in male and female chemosignals appeared. no chemosensory effect on mood of the rater was observed. the results are discussed with regards to the use of male and female chemosignals in affective and social communication.
nonverbal_communication	this paper examines the impact of nonverbal expressions of power by organizational spokespersons during different crisis stages. study 1 investigates how vocal nonverbal cues express power during crises and how this affects perceptions of spokespersons. the results illustrate that a spokesperson who speaks with a lowered voice pitch, which expresses power, appears more competent than one with a raised voice pitch. study 2 examines the moderating influence of crisis stage on the impact of visual nonverbal cues. during a crisis, powerful nonverbal behaviors minimize reputational damage through an increase in perceived competence of the spokesperson. in the aftermath of a crisis, powerless nonverbal behaviors positively affect the organizational reputation through an intermediate effect on perceived sincerity of the spokesperson.
leadership	since the turn of the millennium, interest in collaborative and distributed conceptualisations of leadership has gathered momentum, particularly in education. during the same period, higher education institutions have been embedded in practices shaped by new public management. the resultant reconfiguration of structural arrangements within institutions has led to the existence of two staff groups, professional and academic. the former is often aligned to the rise in managerial practices over claimed academic collegial practices, thus creating conditions for a possible dualistic positioning with the two groups. distributed leadership and collaboration are claimed to be approaches that overcome this dualism, yet they may also be susceptible to maintaining this dual state and subtly reaffirm embedded interests and structures. as an alternative, a leadership-as-practice approach ontologically shifts the way in which sense is made of organisations. the practice-based model for understanding organisations presented in this paper offers a theoretical and applied framework that incorporates and also goes beyond collaborative and distributed leadership due to its association with practice theory.
leadership	voters do not associate female candidates with feminine stereotypes, but voters also do not associate female candidates with the qualities most valued in political leaders such as experience and knowledge. current research offers conflicting conclusions on whether female candidates benefit from breaking with feminine norms or face a backlash for being too aggressive and not likable enough. using a series of experiments, i show how counterstereotypic gender strategies, including women emphasizing masculine trait competencies, improve evaluations of female candidates along both masculine and feminine leadership dimensions. these results offer novel insights into how female candidates can overcome perceptual deficits among voters that they lack critical masculine leadership qualities. i also show that female candidates can overcome these biases without losing on traditional feminine strengths such as warmth and likability. however, counterstereotypic female candidates can face a ""likability"" backlash from out-partisan voters. these findings suggest counterstereotypes may be more beneficial for female candidates in a primary election context when voters are copartisans rather than general elections where candidates often need cross-partisan support.
leadership	diagnostics are a cornerstone of the practice of infectious diseases. however, various limitations frequently lead to unmet clinical needs. in most other domains, diagnostics focus on narrowly defined questions, provide readily interpretable answers, and use true gold standards for development. in contrast, infectious diseases diagnostics must contend with scores of potential pathogens, dozens of clinical syndromes, emerging pathogens, rapid evolution of existing pathogens and their associated resistance mechanisms, and the absence of gold standards in many situations. in spite of these challenges, the importance and value of diagnostics cannot be underestimated. therefore, the antibacterial resistance leadership group has identified diagnostics as 1 of 4 major areas of emphasis. herein, we provide an overview of that development, highlighting several examples where innovation in study design, content, and execution is advancing the field of infectious diseases diagnostics.
leadership	social network analysis presupposes that observed social behavior is influenced by an unobserved network. traditional approaches to inferring the latent network use pairwise descriptive statistics that rely on a variety of measures of co-occurrence. while these techniques have proven useful in a wide range of applications, the literature does not describe the generating mechanism of the observed data from the network. in a previous article, the authors presented a technique which used a finite mixture model as the connection between the unobserved network and the observed social behavior. this model assumed that each group was the result of a star graph on a subset of the population. thus, each group was the result of a leader who selected members of the population to be in the group. they called these hub models. this approach treats the network values as parameters of a model. however, this leads to a general challenge in estimating parameters which must be addressed. for small datasets there can be far more parameters to estimate than there are observations. under these conditions, the estimated network can be unstable. in this article, we propose a solution which penalizes the number of nodes which can exert a leadership role. we implement this as a pseudo-expectation maximization algorithm. we demonstrate this technique through a series of simulations which show that when the number of leaders is sparse, parameter estimation is improved. further, we apply this technique to a dataset of animal behavior and an example of recommender systems. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
leadership	as of october 2016, use of federal older americans act funds for health promotion and disease prevention will be restricted to the administration on aging 's criteria for high-level evidence-based health promotion programs. dissemination of these programs to rural communities remains limited. therefore a strong need exists to identify strategies that facilitate program implementation and sustainability. the objective of this study was to compare organizational readiness and implementation strategies used by rural communities that achieved varying levels of success in sustaining evidence-based health promotion programs for older adults. we utilized a qualitative multi-site case study design to analyze the longitudinal experiences of eight rural sites working to implement evidence-based health promotion program over 3 years (8/2012-7/2015). multiple sources of data (interviews, documents, reports, surveys) from each site informed the analysis. we used conventional content analysis to conduct a cross-case comparison to identify common features of rural counties that successfully implemented and sustained their target evidence-based health promotion program. readiness to implement evidence-based programs as low at baseline as all site leaders described needing to secure additional resources for program implementation. sites that successfully utilized six essential resources implemented and sustained greater numbers of workshops: (1) external partnerships, (2) agency leadership commitment, (3) ongoing source of workshop leaders, (4) health promotion coordination tasks assigned to specific staff, (5) organizational stability, and (6) change team engagement. the six essential resources described in this study can help rural communities assess their readiness to implement health promotion programs and work secure the resources necessary for successful implementation.
child_abuse	adult victims of child physical abuse (cpa) are more likely to perpetrate intimate partner violence (ipv) than are nonvictims. however, not all cpa victims go on to become violent toward their partners, suggesting that other factors moderate risk for ipv perpetration. drawing on the background-situational model (riggs & o'leary, 1989, 1996), this study examines the independent and interactive effects of cpa history and negative affect arising during conflict with an intimate partner in predicting physical ipv perpetration. fifty-three heterosexual dating couples completed questionnaires assessing cpa history and perpetration of physical ipv. couples discussed the largest source of conflict in their relationship for 10 min. videos of these discussions were coded for negative affect. using an actor partner interdependence model approach to account for the dyadic interdependence of the data, findings revealed that at average levels of negative affect, cpa severity predicted greater ipv perpetration for both men and women. however, at average levels of cpa, negative affect during conflict was positively predictive of ipv perpetration for men only. findings further revealed an interaction such that for men, the positive association between cpa severity and ipv perpetration became stronger as their negative affect during conflict increased.
child_abuse	objectives: to test the performance of a single 3d ir t2-weighted sequence compared to a whole-body mri protocol including dwi, t1-weighted and stir 3d ir (3s) in a pediatric population. methods: two radiologists (15 and 30 years of experience),reviewed wbmris: first the stir alone and 2 weeks later the 3s protocol. the indications were variable. only positive findings were explicitly reported. a third reader compared the results to gold standard (gs) exams specific for the pathology. agreement between the two readers, sensitivity and positive predictive value of stir were calculated. results: fifty-four wbmris were included (16 suspected child abuse, 8 chronic recurrent multifocal osteomyelitis (crmo), 11 lymphomas, 4 osteosarcomas, 9 neuroblastomas, 6 histiocytosis). the mean age was 6 years 10 months, range: 1 month to 15 years. agreement between readers was of 0.87 [0.82-0.91] for 3d stir, and 0.89 [0.83-0.93] for the 3s protocol. for reader 1 sensitivity of 3d stir was 81.6% and of 3s 81.0%. for reader 2 it was 74.1% for 3d stir and 74.7% for 3s. for both readers and for both protocols, the positive predictive value (ppv) depended on the type of disease (for example 100% histocytosis and osteosarcomas, >90% for child abuse, >85% crmo but <70% for lymphoma and neuroblastoma). conclusions: sensitivities were not different between the 2 protocols, for each reader and were different between the 2 readers for each protocol. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
child_abuse	the quality of the caregiver-child relationship is key to the well-being of children but assumptions based on research in western countries about the benefits of different types of substitute care may be questionable when applied elsewhere. this study assessed the quality of caregiver-child relationships and their association with child abuse in foster and residential care in nigeria. the findings are relevant to european and north american countries as 4% of those looked after and 6% of care entrants in england are of african heritage and it is too easy to draw wrong conclusions about the care they might have received in their own countries. the study scrutinised 314 children aged 7-17 years from foster (157) and residential care settings (157) and assessed the caregiver-child relationship using the positive relationship scale. the child abuse measure covered physical, sexual and emotional components and aggregated these into a single score. the subsequent analysis explored differences in child abuse between foster and residential care and the significance of other factors influencing levels of child abuse. it was found that the children in residential care had more positive relationships with caregivers than did those in foster care, even though abuse occurred in both settings. there were no gender differences in experiences of child abuse in either setting but children under the age of 12 were significantly more likely to have been abused while in care than those over this age. for children in residential care, age was the most significant factor associated with abuse. as these findings provide a perspective on children in substitute care in a west african city, they may be useful to social workers elsewhere who are responsible for children of african heritage, as they suggest that abuse often occurs in foster homes and that child-carer relationships in residential establishments can be good.
child_abuse	purpose it is common to evaluate children who have sustained minor head trauma with computed tomography (ct) of the head. scalp swelling, in particular, has been associated with intracranial injury. a subset of patients, however, present in delayed fashion, often days after the head trauma, as soft tissue edema progresses and their caregiver notices scalp swelling. we explore the value of further workup in this setting. methods we conducted a retrospective review of a prospectively collected cohort of children <= 24 months of age presenting to the texas children 's hospital with scalp swelling more than 24 h following a head trauma. cases were collected over a 2-year study period from june 1, 2014 to may 31, 2016. results seventy-six patients comprising 78 patient encounters were included in our study. the mean age at presentation was 8.8 months (range 3 days-24 months). all patients had noncontrast ct of the head as part of their evaluation by emergency medicine, as well as screening for nonaccidental trauma (nat) by the child protection team. the most common finding on ct head was a linear/nondisplaced skull fracture (sf) with associated extra-axial hemorrhage (epidural or subdural hematoma), which was found in 31/78 patient encounters (40%). of all 78 patient encounters, 43 patients (55%) were discharged from the emergency room (er), 17 patients (22%) were admitted for neurologic monitoring, and 18 patients (23%) were admitted solely to allow further nat evaluation. of those patients admitted, none experienced a neurologic decline and all had nonfocal neurologic exams on discharge. no patient returned to the er in delayed fashion for a neurologic decline. of all the patient encounters, no patient required surgery. conclusions pediatric patients <= 24 months of age presenting to the er in delayed fashion with scalp swelling after minor head trauma-who were otherwise nonfocal on examination-did not require surgical intervention and did not experience any neurologic decline. further radiographic investigation did not alter neurosurgical management in these patients; however, it should be noted that workup for child abuse and social care may have been influenced by ct findings, suggesting the need for the future development of a clinical decision-making tool to help safely avoid ct imaging in this setting.
child_abuse	background. the perception of patients' needs of support and sensitive communication about psychosocial stress all represent new, exacting tasks for nursing staff, midwives, social workers and physicians in obstetrics. as part of good start into the family (gustaf), a learning and teaching project in a university hospital, we were able to interview parents about their experiences with the intervention. objective. evaluation of the process of establishing contacts, the communication with professionals in obstetrics and the support offered from the perspective of parents. methods. qualitative guided interviews with seven families one year after the delivery. results. problem areas reported by parents were predominately related to increased parental care and the feeling of being overwhelmed in addition to social stress. core themes in communication addressed the entry into conversations, which was remembered negatively when advice was perceived as improper, patronizing or stigmatizing, and positively when professionals had listened sensitively and had provided tangible support. some conversations increased stress. relating to assistance and support, parents reported both positive and negative experiences. justness and reliability emerged as particularly important topics. discussion. the attendance of families around the time of the delivery poses varying demands upon the hospital staff, not necessarily in keeping with traditional professional attitudes and competencies. careful attention to the personal physical and emotional well-being of mothers and newborns, non-stigmatizing entry into the conversations, justness of the support and avoiding inconsistencies within the institution and the network all appear to be of great importance.
gender_roles	earlier evidence predominantly supports that women are more ethical than men. with the replication of such a hypothesis for testing, this study further examined whether feminine gender roles are a better predictor of ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values than the biological sex. four hundred ten management students from two technical institutes in eastern india participated in this study. along with the socio-demographic variables in the questionnaire, inventories were used to assess gender roles, ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values. the inventories had acceptable reliability and validity. the results suggested that when the confounding effects of age, caste, and rural/urban origin are controlled, women manifest higher corporate responsibility values than men, but they embody similar ethical attitudes and ethical behaviors as men. furthermore, the feminine roles of the participants were found to be more consistent, potent, and direct predictors of ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values than the biological sex. hence, individuals with feminine roles may be better suited for ethical responsibilities.
gender_roles	we examine the relationship between unemployment, life satisfaction and affective well-being depending on family status and, within couples, on the employment status of one 's partner. our data, that we collected using the day reconstruction method, show that unemployment is negatively related to life satisfaction, but not to affective well-being. living in a partnership strengthens the loss in life satisfaction of men, but weakens that of women. unemployment of a person 's partner is associated with a smaller loss in life satisfaction for unemployed men, but with a larger loss for women. we argue that these findings reflect to a large extent changes in cognitive well-being, which is closely related to identity utility. the unemployed 's feeling of identity appears to be affected by traditional gender roles.
gender_roles	this study investigated how media exposure affects how noncollege women envision their futures. over 5 days, a prolonged exposure experiment presented childless women (aged 21-35) with magazine portrayals of females in gender-congruent (mother/homemaker or beauty ideals) or gender-incongruent (professional) social roles. responses to an open-ended question revealed that 3 days after media exposure, only gender-congruent roles remained salient. exposure to homemaker portrayals induced more thoughts about possible future selves (pfss) and fostered concerns about motherhood and career roles; it also produced more positive affective valence compared with exposure to portrayals of professional women, particularly among women with gender-congruent life circumstances. exposure impacts were mediated by the extent to which women linked the magazine portrayals to their own pfss.
gender_roles	while the first narcoseries as sin tetas no hay paraiso and las munecas de la mafia have had characterized female roles as victims, telemundo (a broadcast television network) has changed this image by including leading female roles of the drug dealing. seemingly, it provokes an investment in the traditional gender roles, because these women turn into an active agent in a patriarchal world. nevertheless, these protagonists are defined by means of stereotypically feminine elements, such as kindness, sacrifice and maternity that are concreted, in a literal and metaphorical way, in two analyzed narcoseries: la reina del sur and camelia la texana. notwithstanding, the real subversive act of these characters-in order to depart from gender prototypes-is their abilities to analyze and decide. they, rather than consider themselves as victims of their circumstances, assume their responsibility for the life that they have chosen and their violent acts.
gender_roles	young people live in an environment that sexualises them, particularly women, along traditional gender roles. this, in parallel with a silence about positive sexuality in policy development, means that sexual double standards prevail in young people 's lives. the aim of this study was to explore the discourses young women and men from two european countries, germany and england, draw on when making sense of sexual relationships and how these are steeped in the local cultural climate and messages. the study used q methodology and included 65 german and english young people between 16 and 19years of age. six accounts emerged: sex as responsible, intimate and shared experience; sex as joint fun; ideal versus reality; sex has to be responsible, consensual and shared; caring relationships offer the perfect context for fulfilling sex; and equality between partners. the importance of cultural context in the availability of specific dominant and alternative discourses is discussed with a focus on how this influences young people 's sense-making with regard to sexuality and sexual relationships. future directions for research are highlighted.
depression	this article explores socially withdrawn young finnish people on an internet forum who identify with the japanese hikikomori phenomenon. we aim to overcome the dualism between sociology and psychology found in earlier research by referring to pierre bourdieu, who provides insights into how individual choices are constructed in accordance with wider social settings. we focus on the individual level and everyday choices, but we suggest that psychological factors (anxiety, depression) can be seen as properties of social relations rather than as individual states of mind, as young adults have unequal access to valued resources. we scrutinise young people 's specific reasoning related to the social and psychological factors and contingent life events that influence their choice to withdraw. an experience of inadequacy, a feeling of failure and a lack of self-efficacy are common experiences in the data. this indicates that young adults who identify with the hikikomori phenomenon find external society demanding and consider themselves lacking resources such as education, social networks or the personality type that they see as valued in society and as essential to survival'. they also feel that they cannot control their life events, which may mean that they receive little help in their everyday lives.
depression	purpose/background: the aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of quetiapine xr and lithium on actigraphy-measured circadian parameters in patients with bipolar ii depression. methods/procedures: this was an 8-week, open-label, prospective, randomized comparative study. the assessments included the 17-item hamilton depression rating scale score and actigraphic measures concerning the previous 7 days, collected at each visit (weeks 0 [baseline], 1, 2, 4, 6, and 8); the actigraphic data were analyzed with a cosinor analysis. findings/results: medication, time, and the interaction between medication and time were significantly associated with acrophase for the entire group (ps = 0.003, 0.020, and 0.042, respectively). more specifically, acrophase was significantly delayed at weeks 1 and 6 (ps = 0.004 and 0.039, respectively) in the quetiapine xr group. the f statistics significantly increased over time for the entire group (p < 0.001), and there was a significant increase in f statistics on weeks 4 and 6 in the quetiapine xr group (ps = 0.016 and 0.020, respectively) and on weeks 4 and 8 in the lithium group (ps = 0.001 and 0.016, respectively). in addition, scores on the 17-item hamilton depression rating scale were significantly associated with the f statistics during 8 weeks for the entire group (p = 0.008). implications/conclusions: both quetiapine xr and lithium affected several circadian parameters, including peak activity time and robustness of circadian rhythm, but exerted different effects on acrophase in patients with bipolar ii depression. in particular, clinical depressive symptoms were associated with robustness of circadian rhythm during the course of the 8-week treatment.
depression	worry is a common phenotype in both psychiatric patients and the normal population. worry can be seen as a covert behavior with primary function to avoid aversive emotional experiences. our research group has developed a treatment protocol based on an operant model of worry, where we use exposure -based strategies to extinguish the catastrophic worry thoughts. the aim of this study was to test this treatment delivered via the internet in a large-scale randomized controlled trial. we randomized 140 high-worriers [pswq]) to either internet-based extinction therapy (ibet) or to a waiting-list condition (wl). results showed that ibet was superior to wl with an overall large between-group effect size of d 1.39 (95% confidence interval [1.04,1.73]) on the pswq. in the ibet group, 58% were classified as responders. the corresponding figure for wl participants was 7%. ibet was also superior to the wl on secondary outcome measures of anxiety, depression, meta-cognitions, cognitive avoidance, and quality of life. overall treatment results were maintained for the ibet group at 4- and 12-month follow-up. the results from this trial are encouraging as they indicate that worry can be targeted with an accessible and novel intervention for worry. replication trials with active control group are needed.
depression	psychosocial conditions such as depression, intimate partner violence (ipv), and history of childhood sexual abuse (csa) have been associated with poor hiv-related outcomes. in india, which has the third largest hiv epidemic in the world, little is understood about the impact of psychosocial conditions on people living with hiv (plhiv). we aimed to understand the prevalence and correlates of psychosocial conditions among plhiv entering into hiv care at the y.r. gaitonde centre for aids research and education in chennai, india. thirteen questions were added to the standard voluntary counseling and testing questionnaire, including the patient health questionnaire-9 (a depression scale) and questions assessing for csa and ipv. we fitted logistic regression models, stratified by gender, with psychosocial condition as the outcome of interest and substance use variables and socio-demographic variables as the correlates of interest. three hundred and eighty-three persons were enrolled into the study; of these, 253 (66%) tested positive for hiv, including 149 men and 104 women, and were included in the models. more than one-quarter (28%) of the men and 19% of the women reported at least one psychosocial condition (probable depression, csa, or ipv). in adjusted analysis, current alcohol use was associated with greater than two times higher odds of a psychosocial condition (adjusted odds ratio=2.24, 95% ci, 1.04-4.85) among men. in conclusion, we estimated the prevalence of probable depression, csa, and ipv among plhiv presenting for hiv care in southern india and found that, among male plhiv, alcohol use was associated with a markedly higher odds of reporting a psychosocial condition. further study is needed to characterize alcohol use among male plhiv and the possible deleterious impact of psychosocial conditions and alcohol use on hiv-related outcomes in india.
depression	objective: the aim of this study was to examine physical and heart rhythm management device malfunction complications after participating in a cardiac rehabilitation program intervention compared with usual care. method: this study was a clinical trial of 100 patients. after randomization, intervention group patients received 8 cardiac rehabilitation program sessions for 8 weeks and follow-up phone calls. each session consisted of exercise training, education, and psychological interventions. data were collected at 3 points in both groups-baseline and 8 and 12 weeks after the first day of the intervention-using a researcher-designed case report form. data were analyzed using descriptive and nonparametric tests. results: of the participants, 59% were men, and the sample was aged 40 to 60 years. at the 8- to 12-week follow-up, there were less physical complications among the cardiac rehabilitation group (p < .001) and no between-group differences in complications related to device malfunction. by heart rhythm device type, cardiac rehabilitation had the greatest efficacy in reducing physical complications in patients with cardioverter/defibrillators. conclusions: cardiac rehabilitation reduced physical complications in patients with cardiac rhythm management devices, especially in patients with cardioverter/defibrillators. cardiac clinical nurse specialists should recommend rehabilitation programs as part of postimplantation rhythm device treatment to decrease the risk of physical complications.
social_cognition	social cognitive skills are indispensable for successful communication with others. substantial research has determined deficits in these abilities in patients with mental disorders. in neurobiological development and continuing into adulthood, cross-cultural differences in social cognition have been demonstrated. moreover, symptomatic patterns in mental disorders may vary according to the cultural background of an individual. cross-cultural studies can thus help in understanding underlying (biological) mechanisms and factors that influence behavior in health and disease. in addition, studies that apply novel paradigms assessing the impact of culture on cognition may benefit and advance neuroscience research. in this review, the authors give an overview of cross-cultural research in the field of social cognition in health and in mental disorders and provide an outlook on future research directions, taking a neuroscience perspective.
social_cognition	dopamine levels in the brain influence emotional experiences and empathic responses to others' misfortune. inspired by roles of catechol-o-methyltransferase (comt) in dopamine degradation and the link between moral judgment and empathic responses, this study investigated to what extent the va1158met polymorphism of comtgene contributes to individual differences in moral permissibility and empathic dispositions. one thousand two hundred and seventy-two chinese han college students, who were differentiated with the comt va1158met (rs4680) polymorphism, rated permissibility of harm in moral dilemmas and scored their empathic dispositions with interpersonal reactivity index. the results showed a significant association between comtva1158met and the moral permissibility of committing harm. individuals with the val/val genotype, which is associated with lower levels of dopamine, endorsed impersonal harm as more impermissible than those with the val/met and met/met genotypes. results also showed that individuals with the val/val genotype showed higher empathic concern for others' misfortune. the findings provide the first evidence for the link between comt gene and the moral permissibility, highlighting the roles of dopamine in social cognition. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
social_cognition	perceptual systems must rapidly generate accurate representations of the world from sensory inputs that are corrupted by internal and external noise. we can typically obtain more veridical representations by integrating information from multiple channels, but this integration can lead to biases when inputs are, in fact, not from the same source. although a considerable amount is known about how different sources of information are combined to influence what we perceive, it is not known whether temporal features are combined. it is vital to address this question given the divergent predictions made by different models of cue combination and time perception concerning the plausibility of cross-modal temporal integration, and the implications that such integration would have for research programs in action control and social cognition. here we present four experiments investigating the influence of movement duration on the perceived duration of an auditory tone. participants either explicitly (experiments 1-2) or implicitly (experiments 3-4) produced hand movements of shorter or longer durations, while judging the duration of a concurrently presented tone (500-950 ms in duration). across all experiments, judgments of tone duration were attracted toward the duration of executed movements (i.e., tones were perceived to be longer when executing a movement of longer duration). our results demonstrate that temporal information associated with movement biases perceived auditory duration, placing important constraints on theories modeling cue integration for state estimation, as well as models of time perception, action control and social cognition.
social_cognition	two studies examined the development of constructivist theory of mind (tom) during late childhood and early adolescence. in study 1, a new measure was developed to assess participants' understanding of the interpretive and constructive processes embedded in memory, comprehension, attention, comparison, planning, and inference. using this measure, study 2 tested a mediational model in which prosocial reasoning about conflict mediated the relation between constructivist tom and behavior problems in high school. results showed that the onset of constructivist tom occurs between late childhood and early adolescence and that adolescents who have more advanced constructivist tom have more prosocial reasoning about conflict, which in turn mediated the relation with fewer serious behavior problems in high school, after controlling for academic performance and sex. in both studies, girls showed more advanced constructivist tom than boys in high school. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
social_cognition	psychosocial rehabilitation programs received mental health professional support in addition to traditional medication therapy. many psychosocial programs were developed since the 1990s, including cognitive remediation therapy. in this review, we focus on cognitive remediation therapy in korea since the 1990s. we review several cognitive rehabilitation programs developed in korea and their outcome studies and suggest future research directions and prospects. we reviewed cognitive rehabilitation programs including social cognitive training as well as more recent forms of computerized cognitive rehabilitation. although there are differences in cognitive domains by training targets, almost all neurocognitive remediation trainings in korea have beneficial effects on early visual processing, various attention types, and executive function. future studies need to investigate the mechanisms and various mediators underlying the relationships between cognitive functions and functional outcomes. with more comprehensive cognitive and social cognitive programs, we can enhance both cognition and functional outcomes of the patients with schizophrenia. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	background: distinguishing pediatric bipolar disorder (bd) from attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) can be challenging. hyperactivity is a core feature of both disorders, but severely disturbed sleep and circadian dysregulation are more characteristic of bd, at least in adults. we tested the hypothesis that objective measures of activity, sleep, and circadian rhythms would help differentiate pediatric subjects with bd from adhd and typically developing controls. methods: unmedicated youths (n = 155, 97 males, age 5-18) were diagnosed using dsm-iv criteria with kiddie-sads pl/e. bd youths (n = 48) were compared to typically developing controls (n = 42) and children with adhd (n = 44) or adhd plus comorbid depressive disorders (n = 21). three-to-five days of minute-to-minute belt-worn actigraph data (ambulatory monitoring inc.), collected during the school week, were processed to yield 28 metrics per subject, and assessed for group differences with analysis of covariance. cross-validated machine learning algorithms were used to determine the predictive accuracy of a four-parameter model, with measures reflecting sleep, hyperactivity, and circadian dysregulation, plus indic 's bipolar vulnerability index (vi). results: there were prominent group differences in several activity measures, notably mean 5 lowest hours of activity, skewness of diurnal activity, relative circadian amplitude, and vi. a predictive support vector machine model discriminated bipolar from non-bipolar with mean accuracy of 83.1 +/- 5.4%, roc area of 0.781 +/- 0.071, kappa of 0.587 +/- 0.136, specificity of 91.7 +/- 5.3%, and sensitivity of 64.4 +/- 13.6%. conclusions: objective measures of sleep, circadian rhythmicity, and hyperactivity were abnormal in bd. wearable sensor technology may provide bio-behavioral markers that can help differentiate children with bd from adhd and healthy controls.
seasonal_affective_disorder	background: to assess the relationship between hours of sunlight and railway suicide attempts, 3-7 days before these attempts. methods: all railway suicide attempts causing railway suspensions or delays of 30 min or more between 2002 and 2006. we used a linear probability model to assess this relationship. this study was conducted at tokyo, kanagawa, and osaka prefectures in japan. data were collected from the railway delay incident database of the japanese railway technical research institute and public weather database of the japan meteorological agency, results: about 971 railway suicides attempts occurred between 2002 and 2006 in tokyo, kanagawa, and osaka. less sunlight in the 7 days leading up to the railway suicide attempts was associated with a higher proportion of attempts (p=0.0243). sunlight over the 3 days before an attempt had a similar trend (p=0.0888). no difference was found in sunlight hours between the clays with (median: 5.6 [iqr: 1.1-8.8]) and without (median: 5.7 [iqr: 1.0-8.9]) railway suicide attempts in the evening. finally, there was no apparent correlation between the railway suicide attempts and the monthly average sunlight hours of the attempted month or those of a month before. limitations: railway suicides were not the main suicidal methods in japan, conclusions: we observed an increased proportion of railway suicide attempts after several days without sunlight. light exposure (blue light or bright white light) in trains may be useful in reducing railway suicides, especially when consecutive days without sunshine are forecasted. (c) 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	studies which attribute markets' seasonality to sentiment assume that seasonal affective disorder (sad) creates seasonal fluctuations in risk-aversion which, in turn, affects prices. employing the variance risk premium (vp), we directly test for seasonality in risk-aversion. we find significant seasonality in the vp which is not explained by exogenous events, market-realized variance and returns and major macroeconomic variables. we use the number of people who actively suffer from sad to show that consistent with the sad hypothesis vp and sad are significantly positively correlated. international comparison reveals significant positive association between the magnitude of seasonally and the prevalence of sad.
seasonal_affective_disorder	an extensive body of research suggests the spontaneous eye blink rate (ebr) is a non-invasive indirect marker of central dopamine (da) function, with higher ebr predicting higher da function. in the present review we provide a comprehensive overview of this literature. we broadly divide the available research in studies that aim to disentangle the dopaminergic underpinnings of ebr, investigate its utility in diagnosis of da-related disorders and responsivity to drug treatment, and, lastly, investigate ebr as predictor of individual differences in da-related cognitive performance. we conclude (i) ebr can reflect both da receptor subtype d1 and d2 activity, although baseline ebr might be most strongly related to the latter, (ii) ebr can predict hypo- and hyperdopaminergic activity as well as normalization of this activity following treatment, and (iii) ebr can reliably predict individual differences in performance on many cognitive tasks, in particular those related to reward-driven behavior and cognitive flexibility. in sum, this review establishes ebr as a useful predictor of da in a wide variety of contexts. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	objectives: melatonin levels decrease physiologically with age, and possibly with the transition to menopause. the plausible influence of hormone therapy (ht) on melatonin is poorly understood. the aim of this randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial was to investigate the effect of ht administration on serum melatonin concentrations in late premenopausal and postmenopausal women. study design: analyses were carried out among 17 late premenopausal and 18 postmenopausal healthy women who participated in a prospective ht study in finland. serum melatonin was sampled at 20-min (21:00-24:00 h; 06:00-09:00 h) and 1-h (24:00-06:00 h) intervals at baseline and after 6 months with ht or placebo. main outcome measures: melatonin levels and secretion profile after 6 months of ht compared to placebo. results: mean melatonin levels, mean melatonin exposure level (area under curve, auc) and mean duration of melatonin secretion did not differ after 6 months with ht vs. placebo, irrespectively of the reproductive state. however, in postmenopausal women the melatonin peak time (acrophase) was delayed by 2.4 h (2 h 21 min) on average after 6 months with ht vs. placebo (p<0.05). no interaction between time and group was detected when melatonin level was modelled before or after treatment. conclusions: administration of ht to postmenopausal women alters melatonin peak time, but not melatonin levels. further research on larger clinical samples is needed to better understand the effects of ht on melatonin profile. (c) 2014 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
person_perception	previous research has demonstrated that athletes displaying dominant nonverbal behavior (nvb) are perceived to possess more favorable performance characteristics and are expected to perform better than athletes showing submissive nvb. in the present study we used point light videos of a baseball pitcher displaying dominant, submissive, and neutral nvbs to show that this effect is mainly driven by the submissive condition. no difference between the neutral and the dominant condition was evident, suggesting that it is more important to avoid displaying submissive nvb instead of showing dominant nvb as neutral nvb already seems to lead to the impression that the athlete can handle the situation. the results show that nvbs expressing dominance and submissiveness are important early cues that affect the impression formation process in sport and the expectancy of success of the athlete observing this nvb. in addition, the results indicate, that further information about the ability level of the athlete might diminish this effect. performance consequences of the effect of nvb are discussed.
person_perception	clinicians make a variety of assessments about their clients, from judging personality traits to making diagnoses, and a variety of methods are available to do so, ranging from observations to structured interviews. a large body of work demonstrates that from a brief glimpse of another 's nonverbal behavior, a variety of traits and inner states can be accurately perceived. additionally, from these ""thin slices"" of behavior, even future outcomes can be predicted with some accuracy. certain clinical disorders such as parkinson 's disease and facial paralysis disrupt nonverbal behavior and may impair clinicians' ability to make accurate judgments. in certain contexts, personality disorders, anxiety, depression, and suicide attempts and outcomes can be detected from others' nonverbal behavior. additionally, thin slices can predict psychological adjustment to divorce, bereavement, sexual abuse, and wellbeing throughout life. thus, for certain traits and disorders, judgments from a thin slice could provide a complementary tool for the clinician 's toolbox.
person_perception	human faces, and more specifically the eyes, play a crucial role in social and nonverbal communication because they signal valuable information about others. it is therefore surprising that few studies have investigated the impact of intergroup contexts and motivations on attention to the eyes of ingroup and outgroup members. four experiments investigated differences in eye gaze to racial and novel ingroups using eye tracker technology. whereas studies 1 and 3 demonstrated that white participants attended more to the eyes of white compared to black targets, study 2 showed a similar pattern of attention to the eyes of novel ingroup and outgroup faces. studies 3 and 4 also provided new evidence that eye gaze is flexible and can be meaningfully influenced by current motivations. specifically, instructions to individuate specific social categories increased attention to the eyes of target group members. furthermore, the latter experiments demonstrated that preferential attention to the eyes of ingroup members predicted important intergroup biases such as recognition of ingroup over outgroup faces (i.e., the own-race bias; study 3) and willingness to interact with outgroup members (study 4). the implication of these findings for general theorizing on face perception, individuation processes, and intergroup relations are discussed.
person_perception	the 3-stage model of social inference posits that people categorize behaviors and characterize actors or situations effortlessly, but they correct these characterizations with additional information effortfully. the current article tests this model using developmental data, assuming that the less cognitively demanding processes in the model (i.e., categorization, characterization) should appear earlier in development, whereas the more demanding correction process should not appear until later in development. using 2 different paradigms, studies 1 and 3 found that younger children failed to take situational information into account while characterizing the actor. study 2 found that younger children failed to take dispositional information into account while characterizing the situation. in contrast, in these 3 studies, older children used the available information to correct their characterizations of the actors and of the situations. consistent with the 3-stage model, during elementary school years, children start to integrate additional information when drawing explicit social inferences. in study 4, children of all age levels used a prior expectancy to draw a dispositional inference, ignoring situational information, suggesting that characterizations based on prior expectancies about an actor are a highly efficient process, not contemplated by the model. the 4 studies together illustrate how developmental data can be valuably used to test adult socio-cognitive models, to extend their validity, or to simply further inform those models.
person_perception	the current study investigated ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmpfc) activity during impression formation of individuals varying on distinct dimensions of social status. in a block-design functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) experiment, participants were presented with photographs of faces paired with a colored background indicating their lower, same, or higher financial status, or lower, same, or higher moral status. participants were asked to form an impression of the targets, but were not instructed to explicitly evaluate them based on social status. building on previous findings (cloutier, ambady, meagher, & gabrieli, 2012), a region of interest analysis revealed the interaction of status dimension and level in vmpfc, finding not only preferential response to targets with higher compared to lower moral status as previously demonstrated, but also greater response to targets with lower compared to higher financial status. the implications of these results are discussed with an emphasis towards better understanding the impact of social status on social cognition and uncovering the neural substrates of person evaluation. (c) 2014 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
media_violence	there is a large amount of variables that need to be taken into account when studying the effects of violent content in digital games; one of those being difficulty. in the current study participants played a modified first-person shooter in one of four different conditions, with either high or low difficulty and high or low violent game content. we assessed number of kills and number of deaths as game performance. neither the difficulty nor the displayed violence had an effect on psychophysiological arousal during play, post-game aggressive cognitions, nor aggressive behavior. thus, this study corroborates previous research indicating that violence in games does not substantially influence human behavior or experience, and other game characteristics deserve more attention in game effects studies. in addition, findings showed that challenge manipulated by game difficulty is of main importance for post-game emotions: number of deaths predicted positive affect, but only in the low difficulty condition while number of kills was a positive predictor for positive affect and a negative predictor for negative affect. (c) 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
media_violence	this study consists of the validation of a scale for the analysis of violent behavior in adolescents. it is a cross-sectional observational study. a total of 437 adolescent students from public and private schools in the city of recife in pernambuco state participated in the study by responding to a questionnaire. semantic and content validation was performed, followed by dimensionality, reliability, discriminant, trust and convergent analysis. the extraction method was principal component analysis with varimax rotation and kaiser normalization. the analysis resulted in a scale for assessment of aggressive behavior of teenagers with 39 items. seven factors were selected and cronbach 's total alpha was 0.830. discriminant analysis revealed groups of items that distinguish subjects between high and low level of violent behavior and between groups of items revealed a positive correlation among 17 items and the reliability of the instrument was confirmed in the retest. the scale revealed evidence of validity as a tool for assessing violent behavior among adolescents.
media_violence	cognitive, emotional, and arousal responses to violent games play a central role in theoretical explanations of how violent media may affect aggression. however, existing research has focused on a relatively narrow range of responses to violent games in experimental settings. this limits our understanding of whether and how violent game-induced responses relate to aggression in real life. to address these gaps, this study investigated how cognitive effort, emotional valence, and arousal in response to violent games relate to early adolescents' aggression, both cross-sectionally and over a period of one year. in addition, we investigated how a social context variable (i.e., family conflict) predicts these responses to violent games and subsequent aggression. a sample of 448 early adolescents (10-14 years) completed survey questions and media diaries that measured their responses to violent games. results showed that, outside the lab, a positive cross-sectional relationship between violent game-induced arousal and aggression exists. in addition, arousal mediated the relationship between family conflict and aggression. study findings justify increased research attention to media responses outside the lab and a need for further theoretical and methodological refinement. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
media_violence	the slasher horror film has been deplored based on claims that it depicts eroticized violence against predominately female characters as punishment for sexual activities. to test this assertion, a quantitative content analysis was conducted to examine the extent to which gender differences are evident in the association between character survival and engagement in sexual activities. information pertaining to gender, engagement in sexual activities, and survival was coded for film characters from a simple random sample of 50 english-language, north american slasher films released between 1960 and 2009. results indicated that sexual female characters were less likely to survive and had significantly longer death scenes as compared to those female characters who did not engage in sexual behaviors.
media_violence	this study applied social-cognitive models of aggression in order to examine relations between video game use and aggressive tendencies and biases in social information processing. to this end, 499 secondary school students (aged 12-16) completed a survey on two occasions one year apart. hierarchical regression analysis probed media effects and selection effects and included relevant contextual variables (parental monitoring of media consumption, impulsivity, and victimization). results revealed that it was not the consumption of violent video games but rather an uncontrolled pattern of video game use that was associated with increasing aggressive tendencies. this increase was partly mediated by a hostile attribution bias in social information processing. the influence of aggressive tendencies on later video game consumption was also examined (selection path). adolescents with aggressive traits intensified their video game behavior only in terms of their uncontrolled video game use. this was found even after controlling for sensation seeking and parental media control.
schizophrenia	all currently approved drugs for schizophrenia work mainly by dopaminergic antagonism. while they are efficacious for psychotic symptoms, their efficacy is limited for negative symptoms and cognitive deficits which underlie the substantive disability in this illness. recent insights into the biological basis of schizophrenia, especially in relation to non-dopaminergic mechanisms, have raised the efforts to find novel and effective drug targets, though with relatively little success thus far. potential impediments to novel drug discovery include the continued use of symptom based disease definitions which leads to etiological and pathophysiological heterogeneity, lack of valid preclinical models for drug testing, and design limitations in clinical trials. these roadblocks can be addressed by (i) characterizing trans-diagnostic, translational pathophysiological dimensions as potential treatment targets, (ii) efficiency, accountability and, transparency in approaches to the clinical trials process, and (iii) leveraging recent advances in genetics and in vitro phenotypes. accomplishing these goals is urgent given the significant unmet needs in the pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia. as this happens, it is imperative that clinicians employ optimal dosing, measurement-based care, and other best practices in utilizing existing treatments to optimize outcomes for their patients today. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
schizophrenia	auditory hyper-reactivity is a common sensory-perceptual abnormality that interrupts behavioral adaptations in autism spectrum disorders (asd). recently, prolonged acoustic startle response (asr) latency and hyper-reactivity to weak acoustic stimuli were reported in children with asd. indexes of asr and its modulation are known to be stable biological markers for translational research in the adult population. however, little is known about the stability of these indexes in children. thus, the objective of our study was to investigate the stability of neurophysiological asr indexes in children with asd and typical development (td). participants included 12 children with asd and 24 with td. mean startle magnitudes to acoustic stimuli presented at 65-105 db in increments of 10 db were analyzed. average peak startle latency (psl), asr modulation of habituation, and prepulse inhibition were also analyzed. these startle measures were examined after a follow-up period of 15.7 +/- 5.1 months from baseline. at both baseline and in the follow-up period, children with asd had significantly greater startle magnitudes to weak stimuli of 65-85 db and more prolonged psl compared with controls. intraclass correlation coefficients for these asr measures between both periods were 0.499-0.705. none of the asr measures differed significantly between the two periods. our results suggest that prolonged psl and greater startle magnitudes to weak stimuli in children with asd might serve as moderately stable neurophysiological indexes of asd. autism res2016. (c) 2016 international society for autism research, wiley periodicals, inc. autism res 2017, 10: 673-679. (c) 2016 international society for autism research, wiley periodicals, inc.
schizophrenia	this study investigated the relationship between childhood trauma, irritability, and emotion recognition, in schizophrenia patients during a psychotic break. thirty-six schizophrenia inpatients and 36 healthy controls were assessed with the irritability questionnaire (irq) and two facial emotion recognition tasks, the emotion discrimination test (edt) and emotion identification test (eit). patients were further assessed with the structured clinical interview for dsm ili-r axis ii disorders (scid-ii), the positive and negative symptom scale (panss), and the childhood trauma questionnaire-28 (ctq-28). edt and eit performance was significantly impaired in patients compared to healthy controls. furthermore, patients tended to misidentify sad, surprised, or angry faces as showing fear, and this misidentification correlated with the patients' irritability. childhood adversity increased irritability both directly and indirectly through emotion misidentification.
schizophrenia	background: mental health-related stigma is a major public health issue, and is an obstacle to the possibility for successful treatment, recovery, and reintegration.aim: to examine attitudes towards mental illness among employees in the social services.methods: the study design was part of a large randomized trial, and data presented in this study are baseline data from this trial. respondents completed a baseline questionnaire to assess the respondents' attitudes.results: a significant difference was found between employees' personal attitudes towards depression and schizophrenia. the same significant difference was found in the employees' perceived attitudes. furthermore, a significant difference was found between the employees' personal and perceived attitudes. a significant difference was found between the respondents wish for social distance towards depression and schizophrenia in all cases, except regarding the willingness to provide a job at one 's own workplace.conclusion: employees in the social services are comparable to the general public concerning attitudes towards mental illness.implications: the results indicate that the employees in social services could have great use of gaining more knowledge about mental illness and ways in which to recognize a mental illness, in order to be able to offer the right kind of help and reduce the treatment gap concerning people suffering from mental illness.
schizophrenia	objective: research on crime victimisation in the mentally ill has focused on middle aged cohorts with long-standing illness and functional disability. the rates and correlates of victimisation in young cohorts is largely unknown. methods: participants (n=776) were aged 12-25 years attending headspace centres in australia, who consented to a clinical interview and provided self-reported data regarding lifetime victimisation. results: a quarter of the sample (24.5%) reported crime victimisation, including 18.5% who experienced violent victimisation (mainly physical or sexual assault) and 14.1% non-violent crime. both forms of victimisation were associated with illicit substance use, sexual orientation, and young adult age, while male gender was specifically associated with non-violent victimisation. participants who reported violent victimisation were significantly more impaired both functionally and clinically than those reporting non-violent victimisation or no victimisation. conclusions: young people with mental ill-health are vulnerable to criminal victimisation, particularly violent assaults, although the lifetime rates of victimisation are substantially lower than those observed in older cohorts with serious mental illness. effective, early intervention to address modifiable factors may reduce the risk of further victimisation.
