molecular_biology	this article shows how lamarckism was essential in the birth of the french school of molecular biology. we argue that the concept of inheritance of acquired characters positively shaped debates surrounding bacteriophagy and lysogeny in the pasteurian tradition during the interwar period. during this period the typical lamarckian account of heredity treated it as the continuation of protoplasmic physiology in daughter cells. f,lix d'h,relle applied this conception to argue that there was only one species of bacteriophage and jules bordet applied it to develop an account of bacteriophagy as a transmissible form of autolysis and to analyze the new phenomenon of lysogeny. in a long-standing controversy with bordet, eugsne wollman deployed a more morphological understanding of the inheritance of acquired characters, yielding a particulate, but still lamarckian, account of lysogeny. we then turn to andr, lwoff who, with several colleagues, completed wollman 's research program from 1949 to 1953. we examine how he gradually set aside the lamarckian background, finally removing inheritance of acquired characters from the resulting account of bacteriophagy and lysogeny. in the conclusion, we emphasize the complex dual role of lamarckism as it moved from an assumed explanatory framework to a challenge that the nascent molecular biology had to overcome.
molecular_biology	culture-based pathogen identification in skull base osteomyelitis, particularly for fungi, is often inaccurate. we report the case of patient with fungal skull base osteomyelitis cured by sustained antifungal therapy after 16 months of debilitating illness. due to medical complications, a strong clinical rationale was needed to justify long-term antifungal therapy. the offending fungus was identified by experimental molecular technology (ibis t5000 universal biosensor); invasive fungal disease was corroborated by biochemical assays. our discussion will help familiarize the otolaryngologist with existing biochemical and molecular diagnostics for invasive fungal disease. we encourage future investigators to study their application in cases of skull base osteomyelitis.
molecular_biology	this review summarizes present evidence for the role of ykl-40 in the diagnosis, prognosis and cause of cardiovascular and alcoholic liver disease. the question of whether ykl-40 is merely a marker or a causal factor in the development of cardiovascular and liver disease is addressed, with emphasis on the mendelian randomization design. the mendelian randomization approach uses genetic variants associated with lifelong high plasma ykl-40 levels that are largely unconfounded and not prone to reverse causation. thus, the approach mimics a controlled double-blind randomized trial, but it uses genetic variants rather than a drug and placebo, and like a blinded trial, it allows inference about causality. moreover, the review also covers background on the molecular biology and functions of ykl-40, ykl-40 levels in healthy individuals and reference range, and the role of ykl-40 as a biomarker of cardiovascular and alcoholic liver disease. ykl-40 is a plasma protein named after its three n-terminal amino acids, y (tyrosine), k (lysine) and l (leucine), and its molecular weight of 40kda. it is produced by local inflammatory cells in inflamed tissues, such as lipid-laden macrophages inside the vessel wall and perhaps also hepatic stellate cells. observational studies show that plasma ykl-40 levels are elevated in patients with cardiovascular and liver disease and are associated with disease severity and prognosis. furthermore, elevated plasma ykl-40 levels in apparently healthy individuals are associated with a 2-fold increased risk of future ischemic stroke and venous thromboembolism, but not with myocardial infarction, suggesting that ykl-40 could play a role in the formation of embolisms rather than atherosclerosis per se. further, elevated ykl-40 levels combined with excessive alcohol consumption are associated with 10-years risk of alcoholic liver cirrhosis of up to 7%, suggesting that ykl-40 can be used as a strong noninvasive marker of predicting alcoholic liver cirrhosis. importantly, in mendelian randomization studies, genetically elevated plasma ykl-40 levels were not associated with risk of cardiovascular and alcoholic liver disease, thus suggesting that plasma ykl-40 does not play a causal role in the development of these diseases. despite this, plasma ykl-40 levels may play a role in disease progression after diagnosis, and inhibition of ykl-40 activity might be a novel therapy in some cardiovascular and liver diseases.
molecular_biology	the present study reports us independent classic articles published by american scientists from 1900 to 2014. we examined those articles that had been cited at least 1000 times since publication to the end of 2014 using the science citation index expanded in the web of science (wos). we also applied a bibliometric indicator, the y-index, to assess the contributions of the authors of these articles. the results showed that 4909 classic articles were published between 1916 and 2013, and that the most productive categories from the wos were multidisciplinary sciences, biochemistry and molecular biology, and general and internal medicine. science published most of these articles, and the three most productive institutions were harvard university, massachusetts institute of technology and stanford university. the physicist, edward witten was the most prolific author and an article written by the biochemist, marion bradford at university of georgia in 1976 had the highest number of citations. in addition, the article by perdew, burke and ernzerhof at tulane university had the highest number of citations in 2014.
molecular_biology	peripheral neuronal activation by inflammatory mediators is a multifaceted physiological response that involves a multitude of regulated cellular functions. one key pathway that has been shown to be involved in inflammatory pain isgq/gpcr, whose activation by inflammatory mediators is followed by the regulated response of the cation channel transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 (trpv1). however, the mechanism that underlies trpv1 activation downstream of the gq/gpcr pathway has yet to be fully defined. in this study, we employ pharmacological and molecular biology tools to dissect this activation mechanism via perforated-patch recordings and calcium imaging of both neurons and a heterologous system. we showed that trpv1 activity downstream of gq/gpcr activation only produced a subdued current, which was noticeably different from the robust current that is typical of trpv1 activation by exogenous stimuli. moreover, we specifically demonstrated that 2 pathways downstream of gq/gpcr signaling, namely endovanilloid production by lipoxygenases and channel phosphorylation by pkc, converge on trpv1 to evoke a tightly regulated response. of importance, we show that only when both pathways are acting on trpv1 is the inflammatory-mediated response achieved. we propose that the requirement of multiple signaling events allows subdued trpv1 activation to evoke regulated neuronal response during inflammation.- kumarr., hazan, a., geron, m., steinberg, r., livni, l., matzner, h., priel, a. activation of transient receptor potential vanilloid 1 by lipoxygenase metabolites depends on pkc phosphorylation.
molecular_biology	changes in the colonic microbiota are critical to the pathogenesis of diverticular complications such as diverticulitis and peridiverticular abscesses. however, more subtle changes in microbiota composition may well be important to the more chronic manifestations of diverticulosis. some studies have shown the presence of bacterial overgrowth in subgroups of patients with diverticular disease and recent studies, using molecular biology techniques, found an increase of proteobacteria and actinobacteria in patients with symptomatic uncomplicated diverticular disease (sudd), compared with healthy controls. the use of probiotics to modulate intestinal microecology in sudd appears therefore rational. although several investigations evaluating the clinical efficacy of probiotics have been performed, no definitive results have yet been achieved, mainly due to the heterogeneity of the available studies. most of the studies used probiotics in combination with poorly absorbed antimicrobials or anti-inflammatory drugs. in only 4 studies, there was a harm using probiotics alone, but only 1 was a placebo-controlled, double-blind trial. the analysis of the available evidence reveals a poor quality of the published studies, whose design was heterogeneous, with only 2 out of 11 trials being double-blind and randomized. therefore, available data can only suggest a benefit of probiotics in sudd, but do not allow any evidence-based definite conclusion. as a consequence, current guidelines state that there is insufficient evidence to recommend probiotics for symptom relief in patients with diverticular disease.
molecular_biology	this report investigated the possible participation of canine distemper virus (cdv) in an eight-year-old, male, akita dog with neuromuscular disease. clinically, there was tetraparesis, muscular atrophy, generalized weakness, intolerance to exercise, and diminished or absent spinal reflexes. the dog was serologically negative for toxoplasma gondii. necropsy confirmed generalized muscular atrophy. histopathology revealed white matter demyelinating encephalitis, generalized atrophy and fibrosis of skeletal muscle fibers, myocardial atrophy and fibrosis, loss and demyelination of peripheral nerve fibers, axonal degeneration, endoneural fibrosis, and interstitial pneumonia. immunohistochemistry identified cdv antigens within the cerebellum, spinal cord, skeletal muscle, lungs, and spleen. rt-pcr and direct sequencing amplified the cdv nucleoprotein gene from the cerebellum and sciatic nerves. collectively, these findings suggest that this dog demonstrated systemic canine distemper that also affected the muscular system and probably triggered the manifestations of the neuromuscular disease observed in this case. (c) 2016 pvj. all rights reserved
molecular_biology	lipid biosynthesis and its regulation have been studied mostly in the nonoleaginous yeast saccharomyces cerevisiae that serves as a model for eukaryotic cells. on the other hand, the yeast yarrowia lipolytica has been put forward as a model for oleaginous microorganisms because its genetics is known and tools for its genetic manipulation are becoming increasingly available. a comparison of the lipid biosynthetic pathways that function in these two microorganisms shows many similarities in key biosynthetic and regulatory steps. an example is the enzyme phosphatidic acid phosphatase that controls the synthesis of triacylglycerol (tag) in both yeasts. controlling the tag synthesis is crucial for metabolic engineering efforts that aim to increase the production of microbial lipids (i.e. single cell oils) because tag comprises the final product of these processes. at the same time the comparison reveals fundamental differences (e.g. in the generation of acetyl-coa for lipid biosynthesis) stemming from the oleaginous nature of y. lipolytica. these differences warranty more studies in y. lipolytica where the biochemistry and molecular biology of oleaginicity can be further explored.
molecular_biology	contemporary molecular biology research tools have enriched numerous areas of biomedical research that address challenging diseases, including endocrine cancers (pituitary, thyroid, parathyroid, adrenal, testicular, ovarian, and neuroendocrine cancers). these tools have placed several intriguing clues before the scientific community. endocrine cancers pose a major challenge in health care and research despite considerable attempts by researchers to understand their etiology. microarray analyses have provided gene signatures from many cells, tissues, and organs that can differentiate healthy states from diseased ones, and even show patterns that correlate with stages of a disease. microarray data can also elucidate the responses of endocrine tumors to therapeutic treatments. the rapid progress in next-generation sequencing methods has overcome many of the initial challenges of these technologies, and their advantages over microarray techniques have enabled them to emerge as valuable aids for clinical research applications (prognosis, identification of drug targets, etc.). a comprehensive review describing the recent advances in next-generation sequencing methods and their application in the evaluation of endocrine and endocrine-related cancers is lacking. the main purpose of this review is to illustrate the concepts that collectively constitute our current view of the possibilities offered by next-generation sequencing technological platforms, challenges to relevant applications, and perspectives on the future of clinical genetic testing of patients with endocrine tumors. we focus on recent discoveries in the use of next-generation sequencing methods for clinical diagnosis of endocrine tumors in patients and conclude with a discussion on persisting challenges and future objectives.
molecular_biology	although cancer outcome results from the interplay between genetics and environment, researchers are making a great effort for applying molecular biology in the prognostication of differentiated thyroid cancer (dtc). nevertheless, role of molecular characterisation in the prognostic setting of dtc is still nebulous. among the most common and well-characterised genetic alterations related to dtc, including mutations of braf and ras and ret rearrangements, braf(v600e) is the only mutation showing unequivocal association with clinical outcome. unfortunately, its accuracy is strongly limited by low specificity. recently, the introduction of next-generation sequencing techniques led to the identification of tert promoter and tp53 mutations in dtc. these genetic abnormalities may identify a small subgroup of tumours with highly aggressive behaviour, thus improving specificity of molecular prognostication. although knowledge of prognostic significance of tp53 mutations is still anecdotal, mutations of the tert promoter have showed clear association with clinical outcome. nevertheless, this genetic marker needs to be analysed according to a multigenetic model, as its prognostic effect becomes negligible when present in isolation. given that any genetic alteration has demonstrated, taken alone, enough specificity, the co-occurrence of driving mutations is emerging as an independent genetic signature of aggressiveness, with possible future application in clinical practice. dtc prognostication may be empowered in the near future by non-tissue molecular prognosticators, including circulating braf(v600e) and mirnas. although promising, use of these markers needs to be refined by the technical sight, and the actual prognostic value is still yet to be validated.
enzymology	ceramides are synthesized by six mammalian ceramide synthases (cerss), each of which uses fatty acyl-coas of different chain lengths for n-acylation of the sphingoid long-chain base. we now describe a rapid and reliable cers assay that uses a fluorescent n-[6-[(7-nitrobenzo-2-oxa-1,3-diazol-4-yl) (nbd) sphinganine substrate followed by separation of the nbd-lipid substrate and products using solid phase extraction (spe) c18 chromatography. spe chromatography is a quick and reliable alternative to tlc, and moreover, there is no degradation of either nbd-sphinganine or nbd-ceramide. we have optimized the assay for use with minimal amounts of protein in a minimal volume. this assay will prove useful for the analysis of cers activity, which is of particular importance in light of the growing involvement of cers in cell regulation and in the pathology of human diseases.
enzymology	a thermostable amidase produced by geobacillus subterraneus rl-2a was purified to homogeneity, with a yield of 9.54 % and a specific activity of 48.66 u mg(-1). the molecular weight of the native enzyme was estimated to be 111 kda. the amidase of g. subterraneus rl-2a is constitutive in nature, active at a broad range of ph (4.5-11.5) and temperature (40-90 a degrees c) and has a half-life of 5 h and 54 min at 70 a degrees c. inhibition of enzyme activity was observed in the presence of metal ions, such as co2+, hg2+, cu2+, ni2+, and thiol reagents. the presence of mid-chain aliphatic and amino acid amides enhances the enzymatic activity. the acyl transferase activity was detected with propionamide, butyramide and nicotinamide. the enzyme showed moderate stability toward toluene, carbon tetrachloride, benzene, ethylene glycol except acetone, ethanol, butanol, propanol and dimethyl sulfoxide. the k (m) and v (max) of the purified amidase with nicotinamide were 6.02 +/- a 0.56 mm and 132.6 +/- a 4.4 mu mol min(-1) mg(-1) protein by analyzing michaelis-menten kinetics. the results of maldi-tof analysis indicated that this amidase has homology with the amidase of geobacillus sp. c56-t3 (gi|297530427). it is the first reported wide-spectrum thermostable amidase from a thermophilic g. subterraneus.
enzymology	the enzyme cofactor and essential vitamin biotin is biosynthesized in bacteria, fungi, and plants through a pathway that culminates with the addition of a sulfur atom to generate the five-membered thiophane ring. the immediate precursor, dethiobiotin, has methylene and methyl groups at the c6 and c9 positions, respectively, and formation of a thioether bridging these carbon atoms requires cleavage of unactivated c-h bonds. biotin synthase is an s-adenosyl-l-methionine (sam or adomet) radical enzyme that catalyzes reduction of the adomet sulfonium to produce 5'-deoxyadenosyl radicals, high-energy carbon radicals that can directly abstract hydrogen atoms from dethiobiotin. the available experimental and structural data suggest that a [2fe-2s](2+) cluster bound deep within biotin synthase provides a sulfur atom that is added to dethiobiotin in a stepwise reaction, first at the c9 position to generate 9-mercaptodethiobiotin, and then at the c6 position to close the thiophane ring. the formation of sulfur-containing biomolecules through a radical reaction involving an iron-sulfur cluster is an unprecedented reaction in biochemistry; however, recent enzyme discoveries suggest that radical sulfur insertion reactions may be a distinct subgroup within the burgeoning radical sam superfamily. this article is part of a special issue entitled: radical sam enzymes and radical enzymology. (c) 2012 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
enzymology	a variety of topics are reviewed in the area of mathematical and computational modeling in biology, covering the range of scales from populations of organisms to electrons in atoms. the use of maximum entropy as an inference tool in the fields of biology and drug discovery is discussed. mathematical and computational methods and models in the areas of epidemiology, cell physiology and cancer are surveyed. the technique of molecular dynamics is covered, with special attention to force fields for protein simulations and methods for the calculation of solvation free energies. the utility of quantum mechanical methods in biophysical and biochemical modeling is explored. the field of computational enzymology is examined.
enzymology	the genome of the rice blast fungus magnaporthe oryzae codes for two proteins with n-terminal dioxygenase (dox) and c-terminal cytochrome p450 (cyp) domains, respectively. one of them, mgg_ 13239, was confirmed as 7,8-linoleate diol synthase by prokaryotic expression. the other recombinant protein (mgg_ 10859) possessed prominent 10r-dox and epoxy alcohol synthase (eas) activities. this enzyme, 10r-dox-eas, transformed 18:2n-6 sequentially to 10(r)-hydroperoxy-8(e), 12(z)-octadecadienoic acid (10r-hpode) and to 12s(13r)-epoxy-10(r)-hydroxy-8(e)octadecenoic acid as the end product. oxygenation at c-10 occurred by retention of the pro-r hydrogen of c-8 of 18:2n-6, suggesting antarafacial hydrogen abstraction and oxygenation. experiments with o-18(2) and o-16(2) gas confirmed that the epoxy alcohol was formed from 10r-hpode, likely by heterolytic cleavage of the dioxygen bond with formation of p450 compound i, and subsequent intramolecular epoxidation of the 12(z) double bond. site-directed mutagenesis demonstrated that the cysteinyl heme ligand of the p450 domain was required for the eas activity. replacement of asn(965) with val in the conserved asnglnxaagln sequence revealed that asn965 supported formation of the epoxy alcohol. 10r-dox-eas is the first member of a novel subfamily of dox-cyp fusion proteins of devastating plant pathogens.
enzymology	increased interest in reduced and low sodium dairy foods generates flavor issues for cheeses. sodium is partly replaced with potassium or calcium to sustain the salty flavor perception, but the other cations may also alter metabolic routes and the resulting flavor development in aged cheeses. the effect of some cations on selected metabolic enzyme activity and on lactic acid bacterial physiology and enzymology has been documented. potassium, for example, is an activator of 40 enzymes and inhibits 25 enzymes. currently, we can visualize the effects of these cations only as lists inside metabolic databases such as metacyc. by visualizing the impact of these activating and inhibitory activities as biochemical pathways inside a metabolic database, we can understand their relevance, predict, and eventually dictate the aging process of cheeses with cations that replace sodium. as examples, we reconstructed new metabolic databases that illustrate the effect of potassium on flavor-related enzymes as microbial pathways. after metabolic reconstruction and analysis, we found that 153 pathways of lactic acid bacteria are affected due to enzymes likely to be activated or inactivated by potassium. these pathways are primarily linked to sugar metabolism, acid production, and amino acid biosynthesis and degradation that relate to cheddar cheese flavor.
enzymology	a variety of methods were developed to measure soil biological activity. all these methods are not suited to produce generally accepted results, but they give relative information about the ecological status of soil. soil enzymatic activity assays is only one way to measure the ecosystem status of soils. the technique is quite simple and produces reproducible results, and is nowadays of practical importance because the influence of agro-chemicals, industrial waste, heavy metals, as well as soil fertility management can be measured. especially the search for urease inhibitor is of particular interest in order to reduce ammonia losses from soils. soil enzymes have been reported as useful soil quality indicators due to their relationship to soil biology, being operationally practical, sensitive, integrative, ease to measure and described as ""biological fingerprints"" of past soil management, and relate to soil tillage and structure. the focus of this article is to provide a review of soil enzyme activity as a biological, process-level indicator for impacts of natural and anthropogenic activities on soils. this knowledge of soil enzymology can be applicable as bioindicator to human endeavour of ecosystem perturbation, agricultural practices and xenobiotic pollution.
enzymology	two 4-fluoro-l-glutamine diastereoisomers [(2s,4r)-4-fgln, (2s,4s)-4-fgln] were previously developed for positron emission tomography. label uptake into two tumor cell types was greater with, [f-18(2s,4r)-4-fgln than with [f-18](2s,4s)-4-fgln. in the present work we investigated the enzymology of two diastereoisomers of 4-fgln, two diastereoisomers of 4-fluoroglutamate (4-fglu) (potential metabolites of the 4-fgln diastereoisorners) and another fluoro-derivative of l-glutamine [(2s,4s)-4-(3-fluoropropyl) glutamine (fp-gln)]. the two 4-fglu diastereoisomers were found to be moderate-to-good substrates relative to l-glutamate of glutamate dehydrogenase, aspartate aminotransferase and alanine aminotransferase. additionally, alanine aminotransferase was shown to catalyze an unusual gamma-elimination reaction with both 4-fglu diastereoisomers. both 4-fglu diastereoisomers were shown to be poor substrates, but strong inhibitors of glutamine synthetase. both 4-fgln diastereoisomers were shown to be poor substrates compared to l-glutamine of glutamine transaminase l and alpha-arninoadipate aminotransferase. however, (2s,4r)-4-fgln was found to be a poor substrate of glutamine transaminase k, whereas (25,4s)-4-fgln was shown to be an excellent substrate. by contrast, fp-gln was found to be a poor substrate of all enzymes examined. evidently, substitution of h in position 4 by f in l-glutamine/l-glutamate has moderate-to-profound effects on enzyme-catalyzed reactions. the present results: 1) show that 4-fgin and 4-fglu diastereoisomers may be useful for studying active site topology of glutamate- and glutamine-utilizing enzymes; 2) provide a framework for understanding possible metabolic transformations in tumors of f-18-labeled (2s,4r)-4-fgln, (2s,4s)-4-fgln, (2s,4r)-4-fglu or (2s,4s)-4-fglu; and 3) show that [f-18]fp-gln is likely to be much less metabolically active in vivo than are the [f-18]-fgln diastereoisomers. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
enzymology	malignant pleural mesothelioma (mpm) is a rare and aggressive tumor with generally disappointing results in terms of survival, however, there are occasional long-term survivors probably due to the biologic characteristics of the disease. standard uptake value (suv) of [f-18] fluorodeoxyglucose (fdg) evaluated by photon emission tomography (pet) is now widely accepted as an indicator of biologic behavior in several malignancies. the aim of this study was to verify whether suvmax and suvmean are inversely associated with the prognosis of patients with mpm and whether there was a correlation between grading/disease stage and suv value. patients with histologically proven mpm underwent integrated pet and computed tomography (ct) scanning. patients fasted and received 5.18 mbq of fdg per kilogram of body weight. based on the maximum chi-square method, a suvmax of 4.21 (range: 2.30-14.74) and a suvmean of 2.78 (range: 1.80-7.00) were used to classify patients as having a good or poor prognosis, respectively. from january 2004 to march 2010, 27 patients were analyzed: median age was 65 years (range: 54-77) and histologic mpm subtypes were epithelioid (23 patients) and biphasic (4 patients). at a median follow-up of 23 months (range: 1-52), there was no difference in median survival for either high or low suvmax [26 months (range: 11-not reached) vs. 19 months (range: 12-not reached); p = 0.811] or for high or low suvmean [26 months (range: 8-not reached) vs.19 months (range: 11-not reached); p = 0.831]. high suvmax (p = 0.018) was statistically correlated with high-stage disease. there was only a trend towards statistical significance between high-grade disease and high suvmean (p = 0.083); no such trend was found between advanced stages and suvmax (p = 0.268). we observed a significant correlation only between high suvmax and high-grade disease. no other relationships between suvmax and suvmean with biologic and clinical parameters were found. this is probably due to the patient characteristics and to the non-routine use of f-18-fdg pet/ct to stage rare tumors such as mpm.
enzymology	the establishment of posttranslational chromatin modifications is a major mechanism for regulating how genomic dna is utilized. however, current in vitro chromatin assays do not monitor histone modifications at individual nucleosomes. here we describe a strategy, nucleosome acetylation sequencing, that allows us to read the amount of modification at each nucleosome. in this approach, a bead-bound trinucleosome substrate is enzymatically acetylated with radiolabeled acetyl coa by the saga complex from saccharomyces cerevisae. the product is digested by restriction enzymes that cut at unique sites between the nucleosomes and then counted to quantify the extent of acetylation at each nucleosomal site. we find that we can sensitively, specifically, and reproducibly follow enzyme-mediated nucleosome acetylation. applying this strategy, when acetylation proceeds extensively, its distribution across nucleosomes is relatively uniform. however, when substrates are used that contain nucleosomes mutated at the major sites of saga-mediated acetylation, or that are studied under initial rate conditions, changes in the acetylation distribution can be observed. nucleosome acetylation sequencing should be applicable to analyzing a wide range of modifications. additionally, because our trinucleosomes synthesis strategy is highly modular and efficient, it can be used to generate nucleosomal systems in which nucleosome composition differs across the array. (c) 2014 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
southern_blotting	a putative glutamate decarboxylase (gad) gene, designated zmgad1, was cloned from zea mays with a combination of reverse-transcriptase polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) and bioinformatic approaches. the zmgad1 cdna sequence contained a complete open reading frame encoding a putative protein of 496 amino acids, which contained a pyridoxal-5'-phosphate binding domain and a calmodulin (cam)-binding domain found in nearly all gads from plants. sequence analysis showed that it had highest similarity with rice gad1. recombinant zmgad1 protein was expressed in escherichia coli, purified and used to measure enzyme activity, which confirmed zmgad1 was really a glutamate decarboxylase gene. southern blotting analysis suggested that zmgad1 was present as a single copy gene in the maize genome. rt-pcr analysis revealed that zmgad1 was expressed in all examined tissues including the roots, stems, leaves, ears, and tassels. the expression of the zmgad1 gene was upregulated and gad activity was increased in the leaves and roots after treatment with aba, meja, nacl, peg, or cold stress. several stress-related cis-elements were present in the zmgad1 promoter cloned from maize genomic dna. these results suggested that zmgad1 might play an important role in responses to abiotic factors and hormone treatments.
southern_blotting	to investigate the basis of susceptibility to phenicols and oxazolidinones of the porcine enterococcus faecalis cppf5 despite the presence of the multiresistance gene cfr. southern blotting, conjugation and transformation analyses were conducted to confirm the plasmid location and transferability of cfr in cppf5. the genetic environment of cfr was determined by sequence analysis. transcription and translation of cfr were examined by rtpcr and western blotting, respectively, and modifications at a2503 within the 23s rrna sequence were identified by primer extension. electrotransformation and southern blotting indicated that cppf5 and its transformant 5b2-3 contained two cfr-carrying plasmids 50 and 12 kb in size. the complete 12270 bp sequence of the smaller plasmid, pcppf5, was determined and shared 99.9 (12269/12270 bp) identity with the corresponding region of the cfr-carrying plasmid pef-01 in e. faecalis of cattle origin. moreover, the genetic environment of cfr in the 50 kb plasmid was the same as that in pcppf5 according to sequencing results. although cfr mrna, cfr protein and a modification at the a2503 site were detected, the cfr-carrying transformant 5b2-3 did not have elevated mics of chloramphenicol, florfenicol and linezolid, indicating that cfr fails to mediate resistance to the respective antibiotics in e. faecalis. this is the first report of the cfr gene failing to elevate mics of the corresponding antibiotics. although the genetic basis for the apparent no resistance phenotype remains to be determined, this finding may have implications for surveillance studies that target the cfr gene.
southern_blotting	volvariella volvacea, or straw mushroom, is a widely cultivated and important edible fungus. in this paper, we used straw mushroom as a host to express an exogenous mfc gene encoding a multi-functional cellulase (mfc) cloned from the mollusc ampullaria crossean. the purpose was to increase expression of mfc in the new host, as well as to improve cellulose degradation and increase future yields of v. volvacea. mfc is an enzyme with exo-beta-1,4-glucanase, endo-beta-1,4-glucanase, and endo-beta-xylanase activities. the a. crossean mfc gene was expressed in v. volvacea under the control of an endogenous promoter (gpd-vvs) using the expression vector pgvvs-mfc, constructed by ligating the gpd-vvs promoter with the mfc gene. the expression plasmid, pgvvs-afp, containing an afp gene encoding an anti-freeze protein (afp) cloned from spruce budworm as the selective marker gene, was co-transformed into protoplasts of v. volvacea along with the vector pgvvs-mfc using polyethylene glycol (peg)-mediated transformation. putative transformants of v. volvacea were obtained by exposing the mycelia to regeneration medium (200 g l(-1) potato extract, 20 g l(-1) dextrose, 20 g l(-1) agar, and 0.8 m d-mannitol) at 0 degrees c. pcr and southern blotting were used to identify positive transformants. the results indicated that the mfc gene had been integrated into the genome of v. volvacea. the total cellulose activity, based on filter paper degradation, and carboxymethyl cellulase and xylanase activities in the transformants were 3.92, 4.75, and 58.99 units ml(-1), respectively. sodium dodecyl sulphate-polyacrylamide gel electrophoresis showed an approx. 46 kda band, which was equivalent to the expected size of the mfc protein of a. crossean. thus, the mfc gene appeared to have been expressed heterologously in v. volvacea.
southern_blotting	a resveratrol synthase gene was cloned from the peanut plant (arachis hypogaea) by rt-pcr and was transformed into purple sweet potato (ipomoea batatas) by agrobacterium-mediated transformation. stem sections were infected with bacterial solution of od(600) = 0.4 for 20 min and then cocultured for 2 days. infected explants were cultured on ms media containing 50 mg/l kanamycin, 0.02 mg/l naa and 1 mg/l 6-ba for bud induction or containing 75 mg/l kanamycin, 1.0 mg/l naa and 0.1 mg/l 6-ba for root formation. the bud and root induction rates were 37.5 and 25.0%, respectively. 105 regenerated plants were obtained, with 11 positive plants by pcr and southern blotting analyses. a high level of resveratrol glucoside (340 mu g/g dry weight), but no resveratrol, was detected in the transformed plants by hplc. this study also provides a stable genetic transformation and plant regeneration method for metabolic modification of purple sweet potato.
southern_blotting	no commercial vaccines are currently available for enterovirus 71 (ev71) infection. oral virus-like particle (vlp) vaccines are regarded as a better choice for prevention from food-borne diseases compared with injected whole virus vaccines. unfortunately, the application of oral vlp vaccines produced from transgenic plants was limited due to the concerns of gene contamination. alternatively, using transgenic mushrooms retains the advantages of transgenic plants and tremendously reduce risks of gene contamination. polycistronic expression vectors harboring the glyceraldehyde-3-phospho-dehydrogenase promoter to codrive ev71 structural protein p1 and protease 3c using the 2a peptide of porcine teschovirus-1 were constructed and introduced into flammulina velutipes via agrobacterium tumefaciens-mediated transformation. the analyses of the genomic pcr, southern blotting, and rt-pcr showed that the genes of p1 and 3c were integrated into the chromosomal dna through a single insertion, and their resulting mrnas were transcribed. the western blotting analysis combined with lc-ms/ms demonstrated that ev71 vlps were composed of the four subunit proteins digested from p1 polyprotein by 3c protease. through the use of a single particle electron microscope, images of 1705 particles with diameter similar to the ev71 viron were used for 3d reconstruction. protrusions were observed on the surface in the 2d class averages, and a 3d reconstruction of the vlps was obtained. in conclusion, ev71 vlps were successfully produced in transgenic f. velutipes using a polycistronic expression strategy, which indicates that this approach is promising for the development of oral vaccines produced in mushrooms.
southern_blotting	. haemophilia a (ha) is caused by widespread mutations in the factor viii gene. the high spontaneous mutation rate of this gene means that roughly 40% of ha mutations are private. this study aimed to describe the approaches used to confirm private disease-causing mutations in a cohort of belgian ha patients. we studied 148 unrelated ha families for the presence of intron 22 and intron 1 inversion by southern blotting and polymerase chain reaction (pcr). multiplex ligation-dependent probe amplification (mlpa) assay was used to detect large genomic rearrangements. detection of point mutations was performed by dna sequencing. predicting the causal impact of new non-synonymous changes was studied by two general strategies: (i) molecular approaches such as family cosegregation, evaluation of the implicated codon based on phylogenic separated species and absence of the mutation in the general belgian population, and (ii) bioinformatics approaches to analyse the potential functional consequences of missense mutations. among the 148 ha patients, in addition to common intron 22 and intron 1 inversions as well as large deletions or duplications, 67 different point mutations were identified, of which 42 had been reported in the hamsters database, and 25 were novel including 10 null variants for which rna analyses confirmed the causal effect of mutations located in a splice site consensus and 15 missense mutations whose causality was demonstrated by molecular approaches and bioinformatics. this article reports several strategies to evaluate the deleterious consequences of unreported f8 substitutions in a large cohort of ha patients.
southern_blotting	in this article, i describe an animated slideshow of southern blotting that i have made freely available to other instructors. my hope is to provide a clear visualization of the logistics behind the technique so that instructors have a solid basis - as well as time freed up - to discuss its applications with students.
southern_blotting	sweet potato (ipomoea batatas l. cv. lizixiang) is a nutritious arable crop with a low drought tolerance during growth and maturation. the arabidopsis homeodomain glabrous 11 (hdg11) gene can increase drought tolerance in tobacco and tall fescue plants. to determine the effect of hdg11 in the sweet potato, transgenic plants that expressed the hdg11 gene were generated by agrobacterium-mediated transformation. expression of the transgene was confirmed using southern blotting, reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr) and dna sequencing. two independent hdg11 transgenic lines were evaluated and increased drought stress tolerance was observed in both lines, compared to wild-type (wt) plants. under drought stress conditions, net photosynthesis rate (p (n)), the efficiency of excitation energy captured by open psii reaction centers (f (v)/f (m)) and water use efficiency (wue) increased, and transpiration rate (t (r)) decreased in hdg11 transgenic plants compared to wt. hdg11 transgenic plants also had decreased lipid membrane oxidative damage, reduced h2o2 accumulation and increased ros-scavenging enzyme activity during drought stress treatment. this study indicates that overexpression of the arabidopsis hdg11 gene improved drought tolerance in the sweet potato.
southern_blotting	background: sialic acids are negatively charged nine carbon backbone sugars expressed on mammalian cell surfaces. sialic acids are part of a larger family of nonulosonic acid (nulo) molecules that includes pseudaminic and legionaminic acids. microbial expression of sialic acids and other nonulosonic acids has been shown to contribute to host-microbe interactions in a variety of contexts, including participation in colonization, immune subversion, and behaviors such as biofilm formation, autoagglutination and motility. previous research has suggested that some spirochetes may also express these molecules. results: here we use a combination of molecular tools to investigate the presence of nulo biosynthetic gene clusters among clinical and saprophytic isolates of the genus leptospira. polymerase chain reaction and southern blotting suggested that a variety of leptospires encoded nulo biosynthetic pathways. high performance liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry analyses provided biochemical evidence that di-n-acetylated nulo molecules are expressed at relatively high levels by l. interrogans serovar lai strain 55601, and at lower levels by l. alexanderi serovar manhao and l. fainei serovar hurstbridge. endogenous expression of n-acetylneuraminic acid (neu5ac, the most common sialic acid) was documented in l. interrogans serovar copenhageni strain l1-130. neu5ac biosynthesis is also supported by a unique gene fusion event resulting in an enzyme with an n-terminal n-acetylneuraminic acid synthase domain and a c-terminal phosphatase domain. this gene fusion suggests that l. interrogans uses a neu5ac biosynthetic pathway more similar to animals than to other bacteria. analysis of the composition and phylogeny of putative nulo biosynthetic gene clusters in l. interrogans serovar lai and serovar copenhageni revealed that both strains have complete biosynthetic pathways for legionamimic acid synthesis, a molecule with the same stereochemistry as sialic acid. lectin-based affinity purification of nulo-modified molecules, followed by mass spectrometric identification suggests post-translational modification of surface lipoproteins, including loa22. conclusions: leptospira species encode nulo biosynthetic pathways and synthesize multiple nulo molecules including sialic acid. additional studies are needed to clarify the exact context and functional significance of nulo expression. these findings have implications for immune evasion during systemic leptospirosis.
southern_blotting	in order to investigate stability of the cry1ab gene and resistance in the t-1 generation of transgenic cotton (gossypium hirsutum var. coker 100), transgenic seeds were analyzed by pcr, southern and western blotting and bioassayed. seed samples from transgenic lines (t-0) along with seeds from non-transgenic lines s as control were used. pcr analysis showed the presence of cry1ab gene in 63 out of the 150 t-1 plants. integration of the cry1ab gene into the genome of transgenic plants was confirmed by southern blotting. western immunoblot analysis of transgenic plants revealed the presence of a band with mw of 67 kda using anti-cry1ab-polyclonal antiserum. bioassay tests indicated that the cry1ab protein was active and that the larvae died in the first days. significant differences were observed in the mortality rate, growth rate and extent of damage on the leaves between the transgenic and non-transgenic plants. the average mortality of the larvae in line 17 was 100%, in comparison with the control. these results indicated the relative advantage of line 17, which carries one copy of the cry1ab gene in comparison with the other lines.
northern_blotting	aim: to explore the microrna (mirna) expression in renal clear cell carcinoma (rccc). methods: we compared the mirna expression profiles in 11 pairs of rccc and adjacent nontumorous tissue (nt) from 11 rccc patients, using a mammalian mirna microarray containing whole human mature and precursor mirna sequences. to verify microarray results, northern blotting was carried out on 5 randomly selected mirnas. results: totally 81 mirnas were identified valid expression in rccc samples, 48 of which specifically detected in rccc samples, 17 of which detected downregulated in rccc compared to nt sample, 2 upregulated and 14 without significant difference. mirnas in rccc tissues exhibit an overall higher expression level than nt tissue. the chip results were confirmed by northern blot analysis. conclusion: our study may help to clarify the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of rccc, and mirnas potentially serve as a novel diagnostic biomarker of rccc. crown copyright (c) 2009 published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
northern_blotting	backgound: beta-carotene exhibits biological activity as provitamin a. key step in vitamin a formation is the cleavage of beta-carotene to retinal by an enzyme designated as beta-carotene 15,15'-monooxygenase (bcm). recently, it is reported that expression of bcm gene in the intestine is under feedback regulation by retinoic acid (ra). however, the regulation of bcm gene expression in various other tissues is still unknown. aim of the study: in the present study, we identified the full-length cdna encoding the rat bcm gene and investigated the regulation of its expression in several tissues by ra in the presence of vitamin a deficiency. methods: we cloned the full-length cdna encoding bcm gene from a rat intestinal cdna library by hybridization screening. the bcm gene expression was examined using northern blotting and reverse transcription-pcr analysis. we also investigated whether bcm gene expression was regulated by retinoids in several tissues of vitamin a-deficient rats. results: sequence analysis of this clone revealed an open reading frame of 1,701 bases encoding a protein of 566 amino acids. the predicted polypeptide showed 94%, 81%, and 66% identity with mouse, human, and chicken bcm, respectively. rat bcm mrna was highly expressed in the intestine and liver, while there was weak expression in the testes, kidneys, and lungs. immunoblotting revealed that rat bcm is a 64-kda protein. bcm gene expression was increased in the small intestine by vitamin a deficiency compared with that in rats on a control diet, while this upregulation was suppressed by all-trans ra (atra) or 9-cis ra (9-cis ra). bcm gene expression in the lungs and testes was also suppressed by atra or 9-cis ra in rats with vitamin a deficiency. however, hepatic bcm gene expression was only decreased by atra and renal expression was not affected by either retinoid. as the small intestine is the major site of beta-carotene conversion, intestinal bcm gene expression may be more tightly regulated. conclusion: these data suggest that bcm gene expression in several tissues may be down-regulated by ra at the level of conversion of beta-carotene to retinal. to prevent an excess of retinol, homeostasis may occur at the level of conversion of beta-carotene to retinal in several tissues.
northern_blotting	micrornas (mirnas) are a class of non-coding rnas that play critical roles in post-transcriptional regulation. their target genes are involved in a variety of biological processes such as development, metabolism, and stress response. panicum miliaceum l. (panicum) is an important grain crop, but, until now, no mirnas have been identified in this plant. using a homology search based on expressed sequence tag (est) analysis and mirna precursor secondary structure, a total of 43 new mirnas were identified. the mirnas were found to be unevenly distributed among 11 mirna families. target analysis using the plant small rna target analysis server psrnatarget showed that the newly identified mirnas can potentially regulate 68 target genes. ten of the 11 mirna families were annotated as involved in rna regulation, suggesting they may play an essential role in post-transcriptional regulation in panicum. selected mirnas representing eight of the families were verified by northern blotting, indicating that the prediction method that we used to identify the mirnas was effective.
northern_blotting	many recent studies have reported that microrna (mirna) biogenesis and function are related to the molecular mechanisms of various clinical diseases. several methods, including northern blotting and dna chip analyses, are capable of assessing mirna-production patterns in cells. however, the development of repetitive monitoring of the mirna-production profile in a noninvasive manner is demanded for the application of mirnas to human medicine. here, we describe a noninvasive system for monitoring mirna biogenesis, from the stage of primary transcripts to that of mature mirna regulation. we review the optical methods that have been developed to image mirna production at each step of the mirna-processing pathway in living subjects. we propose that an optical mirna-imaging strategy, based on molecular imaging, can be used as an mirna imaging detector to monitor various mirnas, by using different reporters, simultaneously, for high-throughput screening, and will provide potential application for the diagnosis and therapeutics of multiple diseases.
northern_blotting	small rnas (srnas) are short (similar to 50-200 nucleotides) noncoding rnas that regulate cellular activities across bacteria. salmonella enterica starved of a carbon-energy (c) source experience a host of genetic and physiological changes broadly referred to as the starvation-stress response (ssr). in an attempt to identify novel srnas contributing to ssr control, we grew log-phase, 5-h c-starved and 24-h c-starved cultures of the virulent salmonella enterica subspecies enterica serovar typhimurium strain sl1344 and comprehensively sequenced their small rna transcriptomes. strikingly, after employing a novel strategy for srna discovery based on identifying dynamic transcripts arising from ""gene-empty"" regions, we identify 58 wholly undescribed salmonella srna genes potentially regulating ssr averaging an similar to 1,000-fold change in expression between log-phase and c-starved cells. importantly, the expressions of individual srna loci were confirmed by both comprehensive transcriptome analyses and northern blotting of select candidates. of note, we find 43 candidate srnas share significant sequence identity to characterized srnas in other bacteria, and similar to 70% of our srnas likely assume characteristic srna structural conformations. in addition, we find 53 of our 58 candidate srnas either overlap neighboring mrna loci or share significant sequence complementarity to mrnas transcribed elsewhere in the sl1344 genome strongly suggesting they regulate the expression of transcripts via antisense base-pairing. finally, in addition to this work resulting in the identification of 58 entirely novel salmonella enterica genes likely participating in the ssr, we also find evidence suggesting that srnas are significantly more prevalent than currently appreciated and that salmonella srnas may actually number in the thousands.
northern_blotting	in whole cell patch-clamp recordings, we characterized the l-type ca2+ currents in bovine adrenal zona fasciculata (azf) cells and explored their role, along with the role of t-type channels, in acth- and angiotensin ii (ang ii)-stimulated cortisol secretion. two distinct dihydropyridine-sensitive l-type currents were identified, both of which were activated at relatively hyperpolarized potentials. one activated with rapid kinetics and, in conjunction with northern blotting and pcr, was determined to be ca(v)1.3. the other, expressed in approximately one-half of azf cells, activated with extremely slow voltage-dependent kinetics and combined properties not previously reported for an l-type ca2+ channel. the t-type ca2+ channel antagonist 3,5-dichloro-n-[1-(2,2-dimethyl-tetrahydro-pyran-4-ylmethyl)-4-fluoro-piperidin-4-ylmethyl]-benzamide (tta-p2) inhibited ca(v)3.2 current in these cells, as well as acth- and ang ii-stimulated cortisol secretion, at concentrations that did not affect l-type currents. in contrast, nifedipine specifically inhibited l-type currents and cortisol secretion, but less effectively than tta-p2. diphenylbutylpiperidine ca2+ antagonists, including pimozide, penfluridol, and fluspirilene, and the dihydropyridine niguldipine blocked ca(v)3.2 and l-type currents and inhibited acth-stimulated cortisol secretion with similar potency. this study shows that bovine azf cells express three ca2+ channels, the voltage-dependent gating and kinetics of which could orchestrate complex mechanisms linking peptide hormone receptors to cortisol secretion through action potentials or sustained depolarization. the function of the novel, slowly activating l-type channel is of particular interest in this respect. regardless, the well-correlated selective inhibition of t- and l-type currents and acth- and ang ii-stimulated cortisol secretion by tta-p2 and nifedipine establish the critical importance of these channels in azf cell physiology.
northern_blotting	background and objectives the mechanism of glucocorticoid -induced apoptosis is not fully understood and early predictive assays based on apoptotic markers for clinical outcome in acute lymphoblastic leukemia (all) are scarce. the aim of this study was to characterize the involvement of bcl-2 family members and caspase activation in dexamethasone(dex)induced apoptosis in all. design and methods primary childhood all samples, the pre-b all cell line rs(4;11), and the t-all cell line ccrf-cem were used. the involvement of bcl-2 family members was evaluated by flow cytometry, immunocytochemistry, and western and northern blotting. apoptosis was analyzed by annexin v and tmre staining. caspase activity was evaluated by a fluorometric assay. results dex induced significant down-regulation of the anti-apoptotic bcl-2 family members bcl-2 and bcl-xl, differential activation of the pro-apoptotic bak and bax, loss of delta psi m and cytochrome c release. dex-induced apoptosis also involved early activation of caspases 2 and -3. inhibition of caspase activity did not, however, protect against dex-induced bak/bax activation, loss of delta psi m or cell death. in 12 primary all samples dex-induced apoptosis was associated with activation of bax (p=0.045) and clown-regulation of bcl-2 (p=0.016) and/or bcl-xl (p=0.004). furthermore, ex vivo dex-sensitivity was associated with an early treatment response to polychemotherapy (p=0.026). interpretation and conclusions the differential regulation of pro- and anti-apoptotic bcl-2 family members appears to be a key event in the execution of dex-induced apoptosis in all cell lines, and also indicates a role for these proteins in primary all cells.
northern_blotting	leptin is an adipocytokine that regulates body weight, and maintains energy homeostasis by promoting reduced food intake and increasing energy expenditure. leptin expression and secretion is regulated by various factors including hormones and fatty acids. butyrate is a short-chain fatty acid that acts as source of energy in humans. we determined whether this fatty acid can play a role in leptin expression in fully differentiated human adipocytes. mature differentiated adipocytes were incubated with or without increasing concentrations of butyrate. rna was extracted and leptin mrna expression was examined by northern blot analysis. moreover, the cells were incubated with regulators that may affect signals which may alter leptin expression and analyzed with northern blotting. butyrate stimulated leptin expression, and stimulated mitogen activated protein kinase (mapk) and phospho-creb signaling in a time-dependent manner. prior treatment of the cells with signal transduction inhibitors as pertusis toxin, g(i) protein antagonist, pd98059 (a mapk inhibitor), and wortmannin (a pi3k inhibitor) abolished leptin mrna expression. these results suggest that butyrate can regulate leptin expression in humans at the transcriptional level. this is accomplished by: 1) g(i) protein-coupled receptors specific for short-chain fatty acids, and 2) mapk and phosphatidylinositol-3-kinase (p13k) signaling pathways.
northern_blotting	development of a rapid and accurate quantification method for the detection of micrornas (mirnas) has been desired, in particular, when they are differently expressed in normal and pathological conditions. however, various methods for the quantification of small non-coding rnas as well as mirnas have been described. these methods mainly include hybridization-based approaches such as primer extension, northern blotting, microarray profiling, and reverse transcription (rt) pcr. here, we developed a simple and rapid method based on stem-loop primer-based real-time pcr assay for sensitive and accurate detection of mature mirnas. initially, a mirna-specific stem-loop rt primer is used for rt, which is followed by taqman real-time pcr assay using specific forward primer in combination with universal reverse primer and taqman probe. the assay has shown high sensitivity (a parts per thousand currency sign50 copies/reaction) for mirna detection in two breast cancer cell lines, mcf-7 and mda-mb-231. this assay might be implicated as a rapid and cost effective method for the detection of small non-coding rnas.
northern_blotting	the cdna amphip23,encoding an amphioxus p23, was identified from the gut cdna library of amphioxus branchiostoma belcheri. it contains a 513 bp open reading frame corresponding to a deduced protein of 170 amino acids. phylogenetic analysis shows that vertebrate and invertebrate p23/p23-like proteins are each grouped together, with amphip23 falling at the base of vertebrate p23/p23-like clade, suggesting that the divergence of vertebrate and invertebrate p23 genes probably occurs prior to the split of invertebrate/vertebrate from a common ancestor around 550 million years ago. northern blotting reveals a ubiquitous expression pattern of amphip23 in all adult tissues examined, while whole mount in situ hybridization demonstrates a tissue- and stage-specific expression pattern of amphip23 in developing embryos and larvae. presumably, the ubiquitous expression pattern of amphip23 in adult amphioxus represents the ancestral type of p23 gene prior to its split to human paralogs p23 and tsp23, while the tissue- and stage-specific expression pattern during early embryonic development implicates a role of amphip23 in anterior/posterior patterning. (c) 2006 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
human_metabolism	the mechanisms by which exposure to arsenic induces its myriad pathological effects are undoubtedly complex, while individual susceptibility to their type and severity is likely to be strongly influenced by genetic factors. human metabolism of arsenic into methylated derivatives, once presumed to result in detoxification, may actually produce species with significantly greater pathological potential. we introduce a transgenic drosophila model of arsenic methylation, allowing its consequences to be studied in a higher eukaryote exhibiting conservation of many genes and pathways with those of human cells while providing an important opportunity to uncover mechanistic details via the sophisticated genetic analysis for which the system is particularly well suited. the gene for the human enzyme, arsenic (+3 oxidation state) methyltransferase, was introduced into nonmethylating drosophila under inducible control. transgenic flies were characterized for enzyme inducibility, production of methylated arsenic species, and the dose-dependent consequences for chromosomal integrity and organismal longevity. upon enzyme induction, transgenic flies processed arsenite into mono and dimethylated derivatives identical to those found in human urine. when induced flies were exposed to 9 ppm arsenite, chromosomal stability was clearly reduced, whereas at much higher doses, adult life span was significantly increased, a seemingly paradoxical pair of outcomes. measurement of arsenic body burden in the presence or absence of methylation suggested that enhanced clearance of methylated species might explain this greater longevity under acutely toxic conditions. our study clearly demonstrates both the hazards and the benefits of arsenic methylation in vivo and suggests a resolution based on evolutionary grounds.
human_metabolism	purpose of review wasting diseases are characterized by progressive deterioration of nutritional status that negatively influences patients' outcome. the better understanding of the pathogenic mechanisms of wasting may lead to effective therapies. tryptophan metabolism has unique features suggesting a critical role in influencing human metabolism under normal and pathological conditions. recent findings during disease, inflammatory response favours the local depletion of the essential amino acid tryptophan, thereby inhibiting cellular proliferation. tryptophan depletion may also mediate immunotolerance to foreign antigens. in contrast, brain accumulation of tryptophan contributes to wasting by increasing oxidative stress and hypothalamic serotonin neurotransmission, and thereby triggering the onset of sickness behaviour followed by depressive-like behaviour. summary tryptophan metabolism is critical in mediating a number of important biological responses. restoring tryptophan metabolism may well result in enhanced recovery from disease.
human_metabolism	human metabolism of di(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (dehp) was studied after a single oral dose of 48.1 mg to a male volunteer. to avoid interference by background exposure the d4-ring-labelled dehp analogue was dosed. excretion of three metabolites, mono(2-ethyl-5-hydroxyhexyl)phthalate (5oh-mehp), mono(2-ethyl-5-oxohexyl)phthalate (5oxo-mehp) and mono(2-ethylhexyl)phthalate (mehp), was monitored for 44 h in urine and for 8 h in serum. peak concentrations of all metabolites were found in serum after 2 h and in urine after 2 h (mehp) and after 4 h (5oh-mehp and 5oxo-mehp). while the major metabolite in serum was mehp, the major metabolite in urine was 5oh-mehp, followed by 5oxo-mehp and mehp. excretion in urine followed a multi-phase elimination model. after an absorption and distribution phase of 4 to 8 h, half-life times of excretion in the first elimination phase were approximately 2 h with slightly higher half-life times for 5oh- and 5oxo-mehp. half-life times in the second phase-beginning 14 to 18 h post dose-were 5 h for mehp and 10 h for 5oh-mehp and 5oxo-mehp. in the time window 36 to 44 h, no decrease in excreted concentrations of 5oh- and 5oxo-mehp was observed. in the first elimination phase (8 to 14 h post dose), mean excretion ratios of mehp to 5oxo-mehp and mehp to 5oh-mehp were 1 to 1.8 and 1 to 3.1. in the second elimination phase up to 24 h post dose mean excretion ratios of mehp to 5oxo-mehp to 5oh-mehp were 1 to 5.0 to 9.3. the excretion ratio of 5oh-mehp to 5oxo-mehp remained constant through time at 1.7 in the mean. after 44 h, 47% of the dehp dose was excreted in urine, comprising mehp (7.3%), 5oh-mehp (24.7%) and 5oxo-mehp (14.9%).
human_metabolism	during very low carbohydrate intake, the regulated and controlled production of ketone bodies causes a harmless physiological state known as dietary ketosis. ketone bodies flow from the liver to extra-hepatic tissues (e. g., brain) for use as a fuel; this spares glucose metabolism via a mechanism similar to the sparing of glucose by oxidation of fatty acids as an alternative fuel. in comparison with glucose, the ketone bodies are actually a very good respiratory fuel. indeed, there is no clear requirement for dietary carbohydrates for human adults. interestingly, the effects of ketone body metabolism suggest that mild ketosis may offer therapeutic potential in a variety of different common and rare disease states. also, the recent landmark study showed that a very-low-carbohydrate diet resulted in a significant reduction in fat mass and a concomitant increase in lean body mass in normal-weight men. contrary to popular belief, insulin is not needed for glucose uptake and utilization in man. finally, both muscle fat and carbohydrate burn in an amino acid flame. journal of the international society of sports nutrition. 1(2): 7-11, 2004.
human_metabolism	in order to provide additional information for risk assessment of the fungicide metalaxyl, the main objectives were (1) to elucidate the interactions of metalaxyl with different human liver cytochrorne, p450 enzymes, (2) to tentitatively identify and (semi)quantify metabolites in vitro and (3) to identify human cyp enzymes responsible for metabolism. the mean inhibitory concentrations (ic50) for 7-pentoxyresorufin-o-dealkylation (cyp2b) and bupropion hydroxylation (2b6) were 48.9 and 41.7 mu m, respectively. the biotransformation reactions were hydroxylation, (di)demethylation and lactone formation. in human liver microsomes predominant metabolites were two hydroxymetalaxyl derivatives or atropisomers of one of the derivatives. on the basis of previous rat studies these could be n-(2-hydroxymethyl-6-methylphenyl)-n-(methoxyacetyl)alanine methyl ester and/or n-(2,6-dimethyl-5-hydroxyphenyl)-n-(methoxyacetyl)alanine methyl ester. the amounts of didemethylmetalaxyl n-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)n-(hydroxyacetyl)alanine and lactone 4-(2,6-dimethylphenyl)-3-methylmorpholine-2,5-dione were higher in homogenates than microsomes. the carcinogenic 2,6-dimethylaniline was not detected. among the nine major human cyps, cyp3a4 was the only one responsible for metalaxyl hydroxylation, while cyp2b6 was the major isoform responsible for (di)demethylation and lactone formation. (c) 2006 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
human_metabolism	to better understand the interactions of the pathways of activation and detoxification on the metabolism of the putative carcinogen, phip, we administered a dose of 70-84 mu g [2-c-14] phip (17.5 mu ci c-14) 48-72 h before scheduled colon surgery. blood and urine collected for the next 48-72 h was evaluated by linear accelerator mass spectroscopy (ams) and scintillation counting lc-ms to identify specific phip metabolites. the thermostable phenol sulfotransferase (sult1a1) phenotype was correlated with the 4'-phip-so4 levels in the urine at 0-4 h (r = 0.86, p = 0.059). the cyp1a2 activity had a negative correlation with phip serum levels at 1 h (r = 0.94, p = 0.06) and a positive correlation with urine n-oh-phip levels at 0-4 h (r = 0.85, p = 0.15). this low level radioisotope method of determining the influence of phenotype on metabolism will significantly improve our understanding of the interrelationships of these pathways and provide a critical foundation for the development of individual risk assessment. (c) 1999 elsevier science ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
human_metabolism	purpose: to establish the cytochrome p450 (cyp) isozymes involved in the metabolism of the alkylating agent, thiotepa, to the pharmacologically active metabolite, tepa. methods: in vitro chemical inhibition studies were conducted by incubating thiotepa and pooled human hepatic microsomes in the presence of known inhibitors to cyp1a2, cyp2a6, cyp2c8, cyp2c9, cyp2c19, cyp2d6, cyp2e1, and cyp3a4. studies were also performed with cloned, expressed cyp3a4, cyp2a6, cyp2e1 and cyp2b6 microsomes, and anti-cyp2b6 monoclonal antibody. results: known cyp3a4 inhibitors reduced tepa production. inhibition with cyp2e1 inhibitors was inconsistent. all other inhibitors produced little or no change in tepa formation. cloned, expressed cyp2b6 and cyp3a4 microsomes catalyzed tepa formation, whereas cyp2a6 and cyp2e1 did not. incubation of thiotepa with anti-cyp2b6 antibody and cloned, expressed cyp2b6 microsomes resulted in reductions in the formation of tepa, but no change in tepa formation occurred in human liver microsomes. conclusions: thiotepa is metabolized in human liver microsomes by cyp3a4 (major) and cyp2b6 (minor). there is a potential for cyp-mediated drug interactions with thiotepa. pharmacokinetic variability of thiotepa may be related to expression of hepatic cyp isozymes.
human_metabolism	background: the mammalian lignans enterolactone and enterodiol are produced in the colon by the action of bacteria on the plant precursor secoisolariciresinol diglycoside, which is found in high concentrations in flaxseed. objective: two experiments were conducted to determine 1) whether there is a dose response in urinary lignan excretion with increasing flaxseed intake, 2) whether flaxseed processing affects lignan excretion, 3) peak plasma lignan concentrations, and 4) plasma lignan concentrations after chronic supplementation. design: nine healthy young women supplemented their diets with 5, 15, or 25 g raw or 25 g processed (muffin or bread) flaxseed for 7 d during the follicular phase of their menstrual cycles. twenty-four-hour urine samples were collected at baseline and on the final day of supplementation. as an adjunct to the 25-g-flaxseed arm, subjects consumed the supplement for an additional day and blood and urine samples were collected at specific intervals. all blood and urine samples were analyzed for enterolactone and enterodiol by gas chromatography-mass spectroscopy. results: a dose-dependent urinary lignan response to raw flaxseed was observed (r = 0.72, p less than or equal to 0.001). the processing of flaxseed as a muffin or bread did not affect the quantity of lignan excretion. plasma lignan concentrations were greater (p less than or equal to 0.05) than baseline by 9 h after flaxseed ingestion (29.35 +/- 3.69 and 51.75 +/- 7.49 nmol/l, respectively). the total plasma area under the curve was higher on the eighth than on the first day (1840.15 +/- 343.02 and 1027.15 +/- 95.71 nmol.h/l, respectively). conclusion: mammalian lignan production from flaxseed precursors is dependent on time and dose but not on processing.
human_metabolism	endovascular stents have proven effective in treating coronary and peripheral arterial occlusions. since the first attempts, metals used to make these devices have been generally selected, and designed to be highly resistant to corrosion. therefore, as almost the totality of metallic biomaterials, they are implanted on a long-term basis. however, complications associated with permanent stents, such as instent restenosis and thrombosis, have often been reported. in order to reduce those complications, it would be clinically useful to develop a new family of degradable stents. an interesting material for fabrication of degradable stents is based on magnesium, an essential element involved in human metabolism. success in using magnesium alloys for the fabrication of endovascular devices is closely related to the properties of the selected alloy. in this context, a test bench was specifically designed to reproduce the physiological conditions to which stents are submitted when implanted in the coronary arteries. then the test bench was validated using a magnesium-based alloy. results showed that the corrosion rate and the corrosion mechanisms vary with the applied shear stress and that corrosion products strongly depend on the composition of the corrosive solution. this test bench will thus be useful in further investigations for the development of metallic alloys as degradable biomaterials. (c) 2007 acta materialia inc. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
human_metabolism	anthropogenic heat emissions (ahes) are a contributor to global climate change and may affect the climate and air quality in many ways. to gain a complete picture of ahes in mainland china and to lay the groundwork for modelling of regional climate and the environment, ahes from energy consumption and human metabolism were estimated, and an inventory was established with gridded distributions and profiles of temporal variations. this was based on the top-down inventory approach by using officially published statistical data. results indicated that total ahe of the mainland was 1.2x10(20)ja(-1), of which industry, transportation, buildings and human metabolism contributed 73.0, 11.6, 10.6 and 4.8%, respectively. coal and electricity accounted for approximately 74% of the total emissions from energy consumption. the annual average heat flux of the mainland was 0.4w m(-2), with a sharp difference between the eastern and western regions. fluxes in the eastern regions were mostly between 0.5 and 20w m(-2), and they were between 0 and 0.05w m(-2) in the western regions. in urban or built-up areas of typical cities, the heat fluxes may be much higher than the average for larger areas, typically ranging from 20 to 100w m(-2). region-specific profiles of temporal variations will improve the inventory in the future, which can be applied to climatic and environmental models to obtain in-depth knowledge of the effects of ahes.
polymerase_chain_reaction	the study aimed to polish wastewater effluent from an activated treatment system for nitrogen removal by a packed bed bioreactor (pbr). the nitrogen removal via simultaneous partial nitrification, anammox and denitrification (snad) process was investigated with different hydraulic retention times (hrts). the results show that both effluent ammonia-and nitrate-nitrogen concentrations approached to 0 mg/l at the hrt as low as 3 h. the total nitrogen removal efficiency decreased from an average of 84% at both 18- and 24-h hrts to 38% at 3-h hrt. this low nitrogen removal efficiency was due to the presence of incomplete degradation of organic nitrogen at shorter hrts. the analysis using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction resolves that the ratio of ammonia-oxidizing bacteria (aob) to the domain eubacteria changed limited in the range between 2.8 and 4.0% during the continuous operation. meanwhile, the nitrite-oxidizing bacteria (nob) increased from 0.0 to 2.9% when the hrt was gradually reduced to 3 h. the anammox bacteria accounting for 30.5% of microbial consortia dominated the aob and the nob at the 3-h hrt. in sum, inorganic form of nitrogen in a typical wastewater plant effluent could be efficiently polished via snad process in the pbr. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polymerase_chain_reaction	background: oridonin, the major terpene found in rabdosia rubescens (henmsl.) hara, is widely used as a dietary supplement and therapeutic drug. oridonin has been proven to possess good anti-tumour activity, but little is known about its effect on angiogenesis. the aim of this study was to investigate the antiangiogenic effects of oridonin in vivo and in vitro and prove that oridonin anti-tumour activity is based on suppressing angiogenesis. methods: in vitro, the antiangiogenesis effect was studied by proliferation, apoptosis, migration, invasion, and tube formation experiments on human umbilical vascular endothelial cells (huvecs). in vivo, using the tg (fli1: gfp) zebrafish model, the embryonic vasculogenesis and postnatal regeneration were evaluated. the vascular endothelial growth factor (vegf) signalling pathway gene expressions were assessed by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr). furthermore, the inhibition effects on tumour growth and metastasis were observed using a xenograft zebrafish tumour model and xenograft nude mouse tumour model. angiogenesis was assayed by immunostaining with cluster of differentiation 31. importantly, the proteins were identified as being differentially expressed in an in vivo model by two-dimensional electrophoresis-mass spectrometry (2d-ms) and western blot (wb). results: the results indicated that oridonin inhibited huvec proliferation, migration, invasion, and tube formation and induced cell apoptosis. oridonin inhibited zebrafish angiogenesis during embryonic development and tail fin regeneration. rt-pcr showed that oridonin decreased the vegfa, vegfr2, and vegfr3 expressions in zebrafish, while the tp53 expression increased. moreover, oridonin had strong effects on tumour growth and metastasis in vivo. 2d-ms identified a total of 50 proteins differentially expressed (17 up-expressed, 28 down-expressed). lastly, wb showed that claudin 1, claudin 4, and claudin 7 were closely related to tumour growth and metastasis. conclusion: this study demonstrated that oridonin could inhibit tumour growth and metastasis, which mainly based on oridonin antiangiogenic effects. claudin 1, claudin 4, and claudin 7 were the main contributors to the mechanism.
polymerase_chain_reaction	background: the aim of the present study was to investigate the effects of the iron chelator deferiprone in diabetic nephropathy (dn) rats and the mechanisms involved. methods: thirty-two male wistar rats (180-220 g, 6 weeks old) were randomly divided into a control group, a dn group and two dn groups treated with either 50 or 100 mg/kg per day deferiprone. the dn group was established by feeding of a high-carbohydrate-fat diet and injection of 35 mg/kg streptozotocin into the vena caudalis. the duration of deferiprone treatment was 20 weeks. histopathological changes were detected by hematoxylin-eosin and masson staining, as well as transmission electron microscopy. levels of nuclear factor (nf)-kappa b, monocyte chemotactic protein (mcp)-1, matrix metalloproteinase (mmp)-9, tissue-specific inhibitor of metalloproteinase (timp)-1, cyclo-oxygenase (cox)-2, and nitrotyrosine were determined in kidney tissues using reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr), western blotting, and immunohistochemistry. results: histopathological observations showed that deferiprone treatment alleviated inflammation infiltrates and collagenous fibrosis in dn rats. results from rt-pcr and western blotting indicated that deferiprone inhibited the expression of nf-kappa b, mcp-1, cox-2, and nitrotyrosine, which were overexpressed in dn rats. immunohistochemistry showed that the mechanism of deferiprone action may involve regulation of mmp-9 and timp-1. decreased mmp-9 expression and increased timp-1 expression in dn rats were significantly promoted and inhibited by deferiprone, respectively. conclusion: iron chelation by oral deferiprone has a renoprotective effect in dn rats by relieving oxidative stress, inflammation, and fibrosis, which is related to the cytokines nf-kappa b, mcp-1, mmp-9, timp-1, cox-2, and nitrotyrosine.
polymerase_chain_reaction	introductionthe etiological diagnosis of pleural effusion is a difficult task because the diagnostic tools can only establish a definitive etiological diagnosis in at most 76% of cases. objectivesto verify the diagnostic accuracy of the latex agglutination test (lat) for the etiological diagnosis of pleural effusions caused by streptococcus pneumoniae and haemophilus influenzae type b. methodsafter thoracocentesis, paired fresh samples of pleural fluid from 418 children and adolescents were included in this investigation. they were tested blindly and simultaneously through counterimmunoelectrophoresis (cie) and lat for both bacteria. sensitivity, specificity, predictive values and likelihood ratios (lr) were calculated taking cie as a reference standard. resultsthe sensitivity and specificity of lat was 100% (95% confidence interval, 94.4%-100%) and 83.3% (95% confidence interval, 79.0%-87.0%), respectively, whereas the positive (calculated from bayes' theorem) and negative predictive values were, respectively, lower than 1% and 100% (95% confidence interval, 98.8%-100%). positive and negative lr were 6.0 (95% confidence interval, 4.7-7.6) and zero, respectively. conclusionsour results suggest that lat is a useful tool for the etiological diagnosis of pleural effusion. it is a reliable, rapid, simple to perform and shows an excellent yield in our studied population, helping to prescribe appropriate antibiotics for this clinical condition.
polymerase_chain_reaction	kisspeptins and g protein coupled receptor (gpr54) play significant roles in regulating reproductive activity among seasonally reproductive animals; however, the mechanisms of kiss-1 and gpr54 gene affecting the seasonal reproduction in striped hamster are still unknown. in this study, real-time quantitative polymerase chain reaction was employed to examine the expression profiles of kiss-1 and gpr54 in the hypothalamus, ovaries, testes, uterus and epididymis of striped hamsters across 4 different seasons. our results showed that, across different seasons, the kiss-1 expression mode of male striped hamsters and the gpr54 expression mode of female striped hamsters were consistent with the seasonal photoperiod in the hypothalamus. meanwhile, across different seasons, the expression profile of kiss-1 in the testes and the gpr54 expression profile of male striped hamsters in the hypothalamus were consistent with the intensity of their seasonal reproductive activity. among different tissues, the expression trend for gpr54 is consistent across 4 seasons, while that for kiss-1 is tissue-dependent. the expression trend for gpr54 across 4 seasons is the same regardless of gender, while that for kiss-1 is dramatically different and sex-dependent across different seasons. these results suggest that the expressions of kiss-1 and gpr54 in the striped hamsters were regulated by complicated mechanisms, and the regulatory mechanisms in the striped hamsters are seasonal-dependent and sex-dependent. this research will provide a theoretical basis for studying how kiss-1 and gpr54 affect seasonal reproduction and the mechanisms behind their influence.
polymerase_chain_reaction	the aim of this study was to characterize the ways of spreading of the most common bacterial species isolated from workers as well as from the air and raw materials at the workplaces in power plant utilizing biomass sources. to monitor microbial transmission and identify the source of contamination in the working environment, a combination of molecular and biochemical methods was applied. the study was carried out at workplaces in power plant utilizes biomass as a main fuel source. at each of the studied workplaces, bioaerosol particles were collected on sterile teflon filters using personal conical inhalable samplers (cis), and biomass samples (straw pellets and briquettes, corn briquettes, sunflower pellets and wood chips) were directly taken from their storage places. simultaneously with that, the swab samples from the hands of ten workers and their used respiratory masks (of ffp2 class) were also collected after the work shift to evaluate individual workers' microbial contamination. in all collected samples, total bacterial concentrations were assessed and the most common microbial isolates were identified to the species level using both biochemical (api tests) and molecular polymerase chain reaction (pcr), followed by random amplification of polymorphic dna (rapd) typing methods. the mean concentrations of culturable bacteria in the air and in biomass samples at the studied workplaces were high, i.e. 1.2 x 10(6)cfu/m(3) and 3.8 x 10(4)cfu/g, respectively. the number of bacteria in the swab and mask samples also reached a high level of 1.4 x 10(4) cfu/ml and 1.9 x 10(3) cfu/cm(2), respectively. among the most frequently isolated microorganisms from all types of samples were gram-positive bacteria of the genus bacillus and staphylococcus xylosus. 37 bacterial strains belonging to the genus bacillus (b. licheniformis 8, b. pumilus 15 and b. subtilis 4) and staphylococcus (10) were genotyped by the rapd-pcr method. based on rapd-pcr analyses, the genomic similarity among 19 bacillus strains isolated from biomass, air, protective mask and hand samples as well as 6 s. xylosus strains isolated from air, mask and hand samples exceeded 80%. this study demonstrated that biomass is the primary source of bacteria at power plant workplaces. these results also revealed that biomass-associated bacteria can be easily transferred to workers' hands and mask during their routine activities. to improve health protection at the workplaces, adequate training courses on hand hygiene and how to use and remove respiratory masks correctly for workers should be introduced as a key element of the prevention strategy. from the occupational point of view, the pcr-based methods seem to be an efficient tool for a fast and precise typing of bacterial strains isolated from different sources in the occupational environment. such methods may help to implement appropriate prophylactic procedures and minimize transmission of infectious agents at workplaces.
polymerase_chain_reaction	replacement of beef by buffalo and vice versa is frequent in global markets, but their authentication is challenging in processed foods due to the fragmentation of most biomarkers including dna. the shortening of target sequences through use of two target sites might ameliorate assay reliability because it is highly unlikely that both targets will be lost during food processing. for the first time, we report a tetraplex polymerase chain reaction (pcr) assay targeting two different dna regions in beef (106 and 120-bp) and buffalo (90 and 138-bp) mitochondrial genes to discriminate beef and buffalo in processed foods. all targets were stable under boiling, autoclaving and microwave cooking conditions. a survey in malaysian markets revealed 71% beef curries contained buffalo but there was no buffalo in beef burgers. the assay detected down to 0.01 ng dna and 1% meat in admixed and burger products. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polymerase_chain_reaction	the objectives of this study were to determine the kinetic parameters of purified recombinant bla(mab) and bla(mmas) by spectrophotometry, analyze the genetic environment of the bla(mab) and bla(mmas) genes in both species by polymerase chain reaction and sequencing, furthermore, in silico models of both enzymes in complex with imipenem were obtained by modeling tools. our results showed that bla(mab) and bla(mmas) have a similar hydrolysis behavior, displaying high catalytic efficiencies toward penams, cephalothin, and nitrocefin; none of the enzymes are well inhibited by clavulanate. bla(mmas) hydrolyzes imipenem at higher efficiency than cefotaxime and aztreonam. bla(mab) and bla(mmas) showed that their closest structural homologs are kpc-2 and sfc-1, which correlate to the mild carbapenemase activity toward imipenem observed at least for blammas. they also seem to differ from other class a -lactamases by the presence of a more flexible loop, which could impact in the hydrolysis efficiency against some antibiotics. a -35 consensus sequence (tcgaca) and embedded at the 3 end of mab_2874, which may constitute the bla(mab) and bla(mmas) promoter. our results suggest that the resistance mechanisms in fast-growing mycobacteria could be probably evolving toward the production of -lactamases that have improved catalytic efficiencies against some of the drugs commonly used for the treatment of mycobacterial infections, endangering the use of important drugs like the carbapenems.
polymerase_chain_reaction	background: up-regulation of p-gp is an adaptive survival mechanism of cancer cells from chemotherapy. three new phytochemicals including two benzophenones, guttiferone k (gk) and oblongifolin c (oc), and a xanthone, isojacaruebin (iso), are potential anti-cancer agents. however, the capability of these compounds to increase multidrug-resistance (mdr) through p-gp up-regulation in cancer cells has not been reported. purpose: this study was to investigate the effects of gk, oc and iso on p-gp up-regulation in colorectal adenocarcinoma cells (caco-2 cells). in addition, the mechanisms underlying their inductive effect were also determined. methods: the inductive effect of gk, oc and iso on p-gp expression at transcription level was measured by real-time reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction. the reactive oxygen species production was determined by 2', 7'-dichlorofluorescin diacetate assay. the protein content of p-gp and involvement of mitogen-activated protein kinases (mapk) pathway was evaluated by western blot analysis. results: gk, oc and iso (50 mu m, 24 h) were able to increase the amount of mdr1 mrna and protein in caco-2 cells. the presence of n-acetyl-l -cysteine significantly prevented the inductive effect of gk, oc and iso on mdr1 mrna level. moreover, mapk inhibitors including u0126 (an erk1/2/mapk inhibitor) and sb202190 (p38/mapk inhibitor) suppressed an increase of mdr1 mrna levels in the cells treated with benzophenones (gk, oc) and xanthone iso, respectively. these findings were in agreement with the increase of phosphorylated form of either erk1/2 (p-erk1/2) or p38 (p-p38) upon treatment of the cells with these three compounds. in addition, oc and iso, but not gk, increased mrna of c-jun level. conclusion: the benzophenones gk, oc and xanthone iso are likely mdr inducers through up-regulation of p-gp expression at transcription level. their molecular mechanisms involve oxidative stress-mediated activation of mapk signaling pathway. (c) 2017 elsevier gmbh. all rights reserved.
polymerase_chain_reaction	the multidrug resistance 1 gene (mdr1) encodes for p-glycoprotein (p-gp), which plays a pathophysiological role in the development of autoimmune diseases, including systemic lupus erythematosus (sle). herein, we aimed to investigate the relationship between mdr1 gene polymorphisms and sle susceptibility in the chinese guangxi population. the genotypes of rs1128503 and rs1045642 in mdr1 gene were analyzed using the polymerase chain reaction-restriction fragment length polymorphism method in 283 sle patients and 247 healthy controls from guangxi. direct sequencing method was used to verify the results. binary logistic regression analyses adjusting for gender and age indicated that subjects carrying the rs1128503 t-allele and tt genotype were at increased risk of sle when compared to carriers of the c allele and cc genotype, with adjusted ors of 1.36 (95% ci 1.07-1.74; p = 0.014) and 1.77 (95% ci 1.08-2.88; p = 0.022), respectively. in addition, the risk allele t had a recessive effect (or 1.49, 95% ci 1.04-2.14, p = 0.029). subgroup analyses revealed effect modification by age for the presence of the rs1128503 t allele, yielding a significant positive association with sle in older (ae40 years) subjects (t vs. c allele: or 1.41, 95% ci 1.01-1.96; p = 0.041; tt vs. cc genotype: or 1.74, 95% ci 1.07-2.79; p = 0.021). for the first time, we demonstrated that mdr1 rs1128503 polymorphisms were associated with sle susceptibility in chinese guangxi population.
immunology	we investigated the presence of ectoparasites and hemoparasites in side-blotched lizards (uta stansburiana) across a large part of their range and measured how parasitic infection related to several key physiological indicators of health. blood samples were collected from 132 lizards from central arizona, southern utah, and eastern oregon. hemoparasites were found in 22 individuals (3.2% prevalence in arizona, 19.1% in utah, and 6.3% in oregon), and ectoparasites were found on 51 individuals (56.3% prevalence in arizona, 56.1% in utah, and 6.7% in oregon), with 11 individuals infected with both. hemoparasites and ectoparasites were found in all three states. immunocompetence was higher in individuals infected with both hemoparasites and ectoparasites. body condition, glucocorticoid levels, and reproductive investment were not related to infection status. our study provides evidence that parasitic infection is associated with an active immune system in wild reptiles but may not impose other costs usually associated with parasites.
immunology	internal energy reserves of animals are limited, and the current investment in reproduction often decreases survival or future reproductive success. some studies showed that copulatory activities impair the strength of immune function in insects, while the recent evidence is contradictory. in this study we tested whether copulatory activity affects the rate of encapsulation response in males of calopteryx splendens damselfly in allopatric populations, and in sympatric populations where c. splendens stay together with their superior competitor c. virgo. we also counted the number of eugregarines, which are common parasites of damselflies. copulation activity did not affect the immunity of c. splendens males in allopatric populations. in sympatric populations c. splendens males had more gut parasites, and we found a significant interaction between parasite number and copulatory activity on the rate of encapsulation. our results suggest that the costs of reproduction are higher in infected males, which may affect reproductive investment and sexual selection.
immunology	oral tolerance (ot) towards antigens encountered in the gut is a vital immune function of gut immunity. experimental models can demonstrate ot efficacy by feeding of a protein followed by peripheral immunization and measuring the specific antibody titer. we had previously shown that exposure to 2,3,7,8-tetrachlorodibenzo-pdioxin (tcdd), a xenobiotic high-affinity aryl hydrocarbon receptor (ahr)-ligand, destabilized ot against ovalbumin ( ova) in mice. ahr is involved in the development, differentiation and function of immune cells, and highly expressed in gut epithelial cells and gut immune cells. we here used ahr-deficient mice to study the role of ahr in ot further. we show that complete ahr-deficiency undermines the stability of oral tolerance against ova upon multiple immunizations, despite no renewed oral encounter with the antigen. this ot destabilization is accompanied by significant changes in il10 and tgf. rna in the gut tissue. using conditional ahr-deficient mouse lines, we identify t cells as the major responsible immune cell type in this context. our findings add to knowledge that lack of ahr signaling in the gut impairs important gut immune functions.
immunology	background respiratory illnesses are a leading cause of morbidity and medical discharge in the military. this study aimed to investigate the effects of baseline aerobic fitness on haematological, salivary and mood variables, and simultaneously, in a novel approach, to identify factors precipitating illness and attrition rate in recruits during military training. methods thirty-five healthy male recruits from an army training regiment undertaking 12 weeks of training were prospectively investigated. their 2.4 km run time (rt) was used as a surrogate of baseline aerobic fitness. saliva and venous blood samples were analysed for secretory iga, full blood counts and cell cytokine production (interleukin (il) 6 and il-8), respectively. each recruit completed questionnaires on mood profile, and gastrointestinal and upper respiratory tract symptoms (urts). results significant salivary and haematological perturbations were observed and coincided with increased duration of urts/week and mood disturbance over this military training period. from start to end: leucocyte count decreased by 28% (p<0.001); neutrophil percentage (%) decreased by 13% (p<0.01); lymphocyte % increased by 17% (p<0.05); the neutrophil:lymphocyte ratio decreased by 22% (p<0.01); eosinophil% increased by 71% (p<0.01). from start to mid to end: monocyte% increased by 68% at mid (p<0.01) but only by 30% at end (p<0.01); il-6 increased by 39% at mid (p<0.01) and a further 61% by end. the 2.4km rt was significantly associated with urts duration (p<0.01). in addition, a 1-min increase in 2.4km rt increased a recruit 's risk 9.8-fold of developing urts lasting, on average, 3.36 days/week. in recruits ranked with high-urts duration their rt was 48 s slower (p<0.01) than those with low-urts, and their attrition rate reached 45%. conclusions the least fit recruits may have found training more physically demanding as reflected in the higher urts duration, which may have led to a high attrition rate from the army. it is worth considering that baseline aerobic fitness might be an important factor in illness development and attrition rate in recruits during this type of military training.
immunology	introduction: the success of the vaccines available on the market has significantly increased interest in vaccine development.areas covered: the main aim of this paper is to discuss the most important vaccines of pediatric interest that are currently being developed. new pneumococcal vaccines and vaccines against group b streptococcus, staphylococcus aureus and respiratory syncytial virus are analyzed in detail.expert commentary: advances in understanding human immunology, including human monoclonal antibody identification, sequencing technology, and the ability to solve atomic level structures of vaccine targets have provided tools to guide the rational design of future vaccines. it is likely that some of these vaccines will reach the market in the future and will thus partially contribute to the prevention of very severe diseases that significantly affect the morbidity and mortality of children. however, further studies in animals and several clinical trials in children must be performed before new vaccines become licensed.
immunology	background: in october 2010, a pharmacist-driven stewardship program was implemented at the brigham and women 's hospital to ensure continued adherence to the prescribing guideline, focusing on indications for intravenous immune globulin (ivig) use and dosing per ideal body weight. objective: the primary objective was to describe an ivig stewardship program at a tertiary academic medical center. methods: this was a prospective, observational study from january 2013 through december 2014. all patients ordered to receive ivig during the defined study period were included. the intervention assessed describes a pharmacist-driven ivig stewardship program for medication approval. the primary end point was guideline compliance based on indication, dose, dosing weight, and frequency. secondary end points included the number of patients receiving ivig, indications, orders discontinued as a result of guideline nonadherence, and total amount dispensed. results: a total of 418 patients were identified during the study time frame. the top indications were: hypogammaglobulinemia in bone marrow transplantation and hematological malignancy (50.7%), acute solid organ rejection (11.8%), and immune thrombocytopenia with bleeding (10.1%). in all, 12 patients (2.9%) received ivig for an indication nonadherent with the ivig prescribing guideline; 9 patients (2.2%) and 2 patients (0.5%), respectively, received a different dose or frequency per the prescribed indication; and 12 orders (2.9%) for indications nonadherent to the guideline were discontinued. a total of 26033 g of ivig were dispensed during the study period. conclusions: an ivig stewardship program, including an institution-specific prescribing guideline and a pharmacist-driven stewardship program, may ensure guideline compliance for appropriateness of indication and dose at an academic medical center.
immunology	neurodegenerative diseases affect the neurons of the human brain and decline the neural activities causing neurocognitive dysfunctions and brain and behavioral disorders. an intensive immunotherapy is used to alter the course of multiple sclerosis, a common form of neurodegeneration, by controlling oxidative stress, recovering mitochondrial injury, and rehabilitating channelopathy dysfunctions. however, little is known about how the epigenetic factors can regulate atrophy genesis at hippocampal region, which prevents neurodegeneration. further, traumatic brain injury leads to neurodegeneration. however, the onset of the later is not yet successfully monitored. simultaneously, discrimination between neurodegeneration due to ageing and traumatic brain injury has not been addressed in the existing literature. therefore, we present different forms of traumatic brain injury that trigger neurotoxicity, leading to the classification of onset stage of neurodegenerative pathways. we discuss how the immune system orchestrates changes in neurogenesis in presence of physiological stimuli. in our view, the epigenetic mode of treatment successfully intervenes all forms of neurodegenerative disease in both ageing and traumatic condition. here, we establish a cross talk between epigenetic factors and neural immunology to balance oxidative stress at hippocampal regions.
immunology	the intestine displays an architecture of repetitive crypt structures consisting of different types of epithelial cells, lamina propia containing immune cells, and stroma. all of these heterogeneous cells contribute to intestinal homeostasis and participate in antimicrobial host defense. therefore, identifying a surrogate model for studying immune response and antimicrobial activity of the intestine in an in vitro setting is extremely challenging. in vitro studies using immortalized intestinal epithelial cell lines or even primary crypt organoid culture do not represent the exact physiology of normal intestine and its microenvironment. here, we discuss a method of culturing mouse colon tissue in a culture dish and how this ex vivo organ culture system can be implemented in studies related to antimicrobial host defense responses. in representative experiments, we showed that colons in organ culture express antimicrobial peptides in response to exogenous il-1 beta and il-18. further, the antimicrobial effector molecules produced by the colon tissues in the organ culture efficiently kill escherichia coli in vitro. this approach, therefore, can be utilized to dissect the role of pathogen-and danger-associated molecular patterns and their cellular receptors in regulating intestinal innate immune responses and antimicrobial host defense responses.
immunology	the widely-distributed north american species peromyscus leucopus and p. maniculatus of cricetine rodents are, between them, important natural reservoirs for several zoonotic diseases of humans: lyme disease, human granulocytic anaplasmosis, babesiosis, erhlichiosis, hard tickborne relapsing fever, powassan virus encephalitis, hantavirus pulmonary syndrome, and plague. while these infections are frequently disabling and sometimes fatal for humans, the peromyscines display little pathology and apparently suffer few consequences, even when prevalence of persistent infection in a population is high. while these peromyscus spp. are unable to clear some of the infections, they appear to have partial resistance, which limits the burden of the pathogen. in addition, they display traits of infection tolerance, which reduces the damage of the infection. research on these complementary resistance and tolerance phenomena in peromyscus has relevance both for disease control measures targeting natural reservoirs and for understanding the mechanisms of the comparatively greater sickness of many humans with these and other infections. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
immunology	evidence suggests that exosomes can transfer genetic material between cells. however, their roles in hepatitis b virus (hbv) infection remain unclear. here, we report that exosomes present in the sera of chronic hepatitis b (chb) patients contained both hbv nucleic acids and hbv proteins, and transferred hbv to hepatocytes in an active manner. notably, hbv nucleic acids were detected in natural killer (nk) cells from both chb patients and healthy donors after exposure to hbv-positive exosomes. through real-time fluorescence microscopy and flow cytometry, 1,1'-dioctadecyl-3,3,3', 3',-tetramethylindodicarbocyanine, 4-chlorobenzenesulfnate salt (did)-labeled exosomes were observed to interact with nk cells and to be taken up by nk cells, which was enhanced by transforming growth factor-beta treatment. furthermore, hbv-positive exosomes impaired nk-cell functions, including interferon (ifn)-gamma production, cytolytic activity, nk-cell proliferation and survival, as well as the responsiveness of the cells to poly (i: c) stimulation. hbv infection suppressed the expression of pattern-recognition receptors, especially retinoic acid inducible gene i (rig-i), on nk cells, resulting in the dampening of the nuclear factor kappa b (nf-kappa b) and p38 mitogen-activated protein kinase pathways. our results highlight a previously unappreciated role of exosomes in hbv transmission and nk-cell dysfunction during chb infection. cellular & molecular immunology (2017) published online 30 may 2016
genetics	purpose of review we aimed to produce a comprehensive update on clinical and biological data regarding two rare lymphoid neoplasms, b and t prolymphocytic leukemias, and assess therapeutic management in the light of new molecular insights and the advent of targeted therapies. recent findings b cell prolymphocytic leukemia (b-pll) diagnosis remains challenging in the absence of clear immunophenotypic or cytogenetic signature and overlap with mantle cell lymphoma. new molecular defects have been identified in t cell prolymphocytic leukemia (t-pll), especially in the jak stat pathway. like in chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll), b-pll treatment depends on the presence of tp53 dysfunction. in t-pll, alemtuzumab still remains the standard of care. allogeneic transplantation is the only curable option. thanks to reduced intensity conditioning regimens, it has become accessible to a larger number of patients. summary pll prognosis remains poor with conventional therapies. however, great advances in the understanding of both t-and b-pll pathogenesis lead to promising new therapeutic agents.
genetics	microneurographic recordings of human muscle sympathetic nerve activity responses to sudden sensory stimuli (ie, arousal) have revealed 2 intraindividually reproducible response profiles in healthy young males that predict different neural and blood pressure responses to more sustained stress. approximately 50% of subjects inhibit muscle sympathetic nerve activity during arousal, whereas the remaining 50% do not, and the latter group displays a markedly greater blood pressure increase in response to arousal, as well as during and after 3 minutes of mental arithmetic. studying a group of monozygotic twins (10 pairs, 2 excluded from analysis), the aim of the present study was to evaluate the degree of genetic determination of these sympathetic response profiles. muscle sympathetic burst incidence at rest was similar in twins, with a within-pair burst incidence ratio of 0.87 +/- 0.02 (sem) compared with 0.73 +/- 0.07 found in unrelated pairs (p= 0.002), confirming a previous study from our laboratory. in contrast, the sympathetic responses to arousal showed large twin within-pair variance (arousal inhibition ratio 0.56 +/- 0.11), which did not significantly differ (p= 0.939) from the variance in pairs of unrelated subjects (0.46 +/- 0.11). the finding that human muscle sympathetic nerve responses to arousal are less determined by genotype than the resting level of corresponding sympathetic nerve activity suggests that the arousal response pattern is more prone to be altered by environmental factors. this raises the possibility that these intraindividually reproducible sympathetic neural response profiles can be modified in a positive direction from a cardiovascular risk perspective.
genetics	the genetic differentiation among the populations of the european abalone haliotis tuberculata was investigated using different markers to better understand the evolutionary history and exchanges between populations. three markers were used: mitochondrial cytochrome oxidase i (coi), the sperm lysin nuclear gene, and eight nuclear microsatellites. these markers present different characteristics concerning mutation rate and inheritance, which provided complementary information about abalone history and gene diversity. genetic diversity and relationships among subspecies were calculated from a sample of approximately 500 individuals, collected from 17 different locations in the north-eastern atlantic ocean, macaronesia, and mediterranean sea. coi marker was used to explore the phylogeny of the species with a network analysis and two phylogenetic methods. the analysis revealed 18 major haplotypes grouped into two distinct clades with a pairwise sequence divergence up to 3.5 %. these clades do not correspond to subspecies but revealed many contacts along atlantic coast during the pleistocene interglaciations. the sperm lysin gene analysis separated two different subtaxa: one associated to macaronesian islands, and the other to all other populations. moreover, a small population of the northern subtaxon was isolated in the adriatic seaprobably before the separation of the two lineages-and evolved independently. microsatellites were analyzed by different genetics methods, including the bayesian clustering method and migration patterns analysis. it revealed genetically distinct microsatellite patterns among populations from mediterranean sea, brittany and normandy, morocco, and canary and balearic islands. gene flow is asymmetric among the regions; the azores and the canary islands are particularly isolated and have low effective population sizes. our results support the hypothesis that climate changes since the pleistocene glaciations have played a major role in the geographic distribution of the european abalone. traces of these events related to maternal inheritance were shown on coi marker.
genetics	the patella is a sesamoid bone located in the major extensor tendon of the knee joint, in the hindlimb of many tetrapods. although numerous aspects of knee morphology are ancient and conserved among most tetrapods, the evolutionary occurrence of an ossified patella is highly variable. among extant (crown clade) groups it is found in most birds, most lizards, the monotreme mammals and almost all placental mammals, but it is absent in most marsupial mammals as well as many reptiles. here, we integrate data from the literature and first-hand studies of fossil and recent skeletal remains to reconstruct the evolution of the mammalian patella. we infer that bony patellae most likely evolved between four and six times in crown group mammalia: in monotremes, in the extinct multituberculates, in one or more stem-mammal genera outside of therian or eutherian mammals and up to three times in therian mammals. furthermore, an ossified patella was lost several times in mammals, not including those with absent hindlimbs: once or more in marsupials (with some re-acquisition) and at least once in bats. our inferences about patellar evolution in mammals are reciprocally informed by the existence of several human genetic conditions in which the patella is either absent or severely reduced. clearly, development of the patella is under close genomic control, although its responsiveness to its mechanical environment is also important (and perhaps variable among taxa). where a bony patella is present it plays an important role in hindlimb function, especially in resisting gravity by providing an enhanced lever system for the knee joint. yet the evolutionary origins, persistence and modifications of a patella in diverse groups with widely varying habits and habitats-from digging to running to aquatic, small or large body sizes, bipeds or quadrupeds-remain complex and perplexing, impeding a conclusive synthesis of form, function, development and genetics across mammalian evolution. this meta-analysis takes an initial step toward such a synthesis by collating available data and elucidating areas of promising future inquiry.
genetics	given the strong selective pressures often faced by populations when colonizing a novel habitat, the level of variation present on which selection may act is an important indicator of adaptive potential. while often discussed in an ecological context, this notion is also highly relevant in our clinical understanding of viral infection, in which the novel habitat is a new host. thus, quantifying the factors determining levels of variation is of considerable importance for the design of improved treatment strategies. here, we focus on such a quantification of human cytomegalovirus (hcmv) - a virus which can be transmitted across the placenta, resulting in foetal infection that can potentially cause severe disease in multiple organs. recent studies using genomewide sequencing data have demonstrated that viral populations in some congenitally infected infants diverge rapidly over time and between tissue compartments within individuals, while in other infants, the populations remain highly stable. here, we investigate the underlying causes of these extreme differences in observed intrahost levels of variation by estimating the underlying demographic histories of infection. importantly, reinfection (i.e. population admixture) appears to be an important, and previously unappreciated, player. we highlight illustrative examples likely to represent a single-population transmission from a mother during pregnancy and multiple-population transmissions during pregnancy and after birth.
genetics	purpose of review lipoprotein(a) [lp(a)] is the strongest independent genetic risk factor for both myocardial infarction and aortic stenosis. it has also been associated with other forms of atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease (cvd) including ischemic stroke. its levels are genetically determined and remain fairly stable throughout life. elevated lp(a), above 50 mg/dl, affects one in five individuals worldwide. recent findings herein, we review the recent epidemiologic and genetic evidence supporting the causal role of lp(a) in cvd, highlight recommendations made by european and canadian guidelines regarding lp(a) and summarize the rapidly evolving field of lp(a)-lowering therapies including antisense therapies and proprotein convertase subtilisin/kexin type 9 inhibitors. summary with novel therapies on the horizon, lp(a) is poised to gain significant clinical relevance and its lowering could have a significant impact on the burden of cvd.
genetics	urban areas are expanding worldwide, yet little is known how anthropogenic landscape fragmentation affects the connectedness and gene flow in urban wildlife. the european hedgehog (erinaceus europaeus) is a ground dwelling mammal which also inhabits variable urban habitats. we investigated habitat connectivity and the spatial genetic structure of urban hedgehogs in the largest swiss city. we addressed the following questions: i) at the city-scale, which prominent landscape elements affect the spatial distribution of genetic clusters? ii) which landscape elements affect gene flow in an urban mammal within the clusters? iii) does individual movement data improve the prediction of landscape-wide gene flow? we used two bayesian methods to examine the influence of water bodies and major traffic routes on genetic hedgehog clusters, using microsatellite data of 147 hedgehogs. further, we used extensive movement data to parameterise single-path and multi-path connectivity models, which were then used to predict genetic distance between hedgehog individuals. first, we found that both bayesian methods consistently showed three distinct genetic clusters, separated by the main rivers and the parallel running transportation axes. second, the best model indicates that gene flow was facilitated by urban green areas and hampered by all other land cover types. third, multi-path models based on detailed gps movement data clearly outperformed models based on a priori assumptions to predict gene flow. multi-path connectivity models based on movement data reveal to be a powerful tool to detect gene flow in highly fragmented habitats and could be a crucial step in implementing effective conservation measures. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
genetics	we conducted comparative phylogeographic and population genetic analyses of plestiodon kishinouyei and p. stimpsonii, two sympatric skinks endemic to islands in the southern ryukyus, to explore different factors that have influenced population structure. previous phylogenetic studies using partial mitochondrial dna indicate similar divergence times from their respective closest relatives, suggesting that differences in population structure are driven by intrinsic attributes of either species rather than the common set of extrinsic factors that both presumably have been exposed to throughout their history. in this study, analysis of mtdna sequences and microsatellite polymorphism demonstrate contrasting patterns of phylogeography and population structure: p. kishinouyei exhibits a lower genetic variability and lower genetic differentiation among islands than p. stimpsonii, consistent with recent population expansion. however, historical demographic analyses indicate that the relatively high genetic uniformity in p. kishinouyei is not attributable to recent expansion. we detected significant isolation-by-distance patterns among p. kishinouyei populations on the land bridge islands, but not among p. stimpsonii populations occurring on those same islands. our results suggest that p. kishinouyei populations have maintained gene flows across islands until recently, probably via ephemeral quaternary land bridges. the lower genetic variability in p. kishinouyei may also indicate smaller effective population sizes on average than that of p. stimpsonii. we interpret these differences as a consequence of ecological divergence between the two species, primarily in trophic level and habitat preference.
genetics	megacystis microcolon intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome (mmihs) is a congenital visceral myopathy characterized by severe dilation of the urinary bladder and defective intestinal motility. the genetic basis of mmihs has been ascribed to spontaneous and autosomal dominant mutations in actin gamma 2 (actg2), a smooth muscle contractile gene. however, evidence suggesting a recessive origin of the disease also exists. using combined homozygosity mapping and whole exome sequencing, a genetically isolated family was found to carry a premature termination codon in leiomodin1 (lmod1), a gene preferentially expressed in vascular and visceral smooth muscle cells. parents heterozygous for the mutation exhibited no abnormalities, but a child homozygous for the premature termination codon displayed symptoms consistent with mmihs. we used crispr-cas9 (crispr-associated protein) genome editing of lmod1 to generate a similar premature termination codon. mice homozygous for the mutation showed loss of lmod1 protein and pathology consistent with mmihs, including late gestation expansion of the bladder, hydronephrosis, and rapid demise after parturition. loss of lmod1 resulted in a reduction of filamentous actin, elongated cytoskeletal dense bodies, and impaired intestinal smooth muscle contractility. these results define lmod1 as a disease gene for mmihs and suggest its role in establishing normal smooth muscle cytoskeletal-contractile coupling.
genetics	translation initiation in eukaryotes and archaea involves a methionylated initiator trna delivered to the ribosome in a ternary complex with e/aif2 and gtp. eukaryotic and archaeal initiator trnas contain a highly conserved a(1)-u-72 base pair at the top of the acceptor stem. the importance of this base pair to discriminate initiator trnas from elongator trnas has been established previously using genetics and biochemistry. however, no structural data illustrating how the a(1)-u-72 base pair participates in the accurate selection of the initiator trnas by the translation initiation systems are available. here, we describe the crystal structure of a mutant e. coil initiator trna(f)(met)a(1)-u-72, aminoacylated with methionine, in which the cl: a(72) mismatch at the end of the trna acceptor stem has been changed to an a(1)-u-72 base pair. sequence alignments show that the mutant e. coli trna is a good mimic of archaeal initiator trnas. the crystal structure, determined at 2.8 angstrom resolution, shows that the a(1)-u-72 pair adopts an unusual arrangement. a(1) is in a syn conformation and forms a single h-bond interaction with u-72. this interaction requires protonation of the n1 atom of a(1). moreover, the 5' phosphoryl group folds back into the major groove of the acceptor stem and interacts with the n-7 atom of g(2). a possible role of this unusual geometry of the a(1)-u-72 pair in the recognition of the initiator trna by its partners during eukaryotic and archaeal translation initiation is discussed.
cell_biology	dozens of murine models of indolent and aggressive b-cell lymphomas have been generated to date. these include those manifesting chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll), diffuse large b-cell lymphoma (dlbcl), as well as xenografts of mantle cell lymphoma (mcl). these models have led to an improved understanding of disease etiology, b-cell biology, immunomodulation, and the importance of the tumor microenvironment. despite these efforts in cll, dlbcl, and mcl, considerably little progress toward a model of splenic marginal zone lymphoma (smzl) has been accomplished. herein, we describe the similarities and differences between cll, mcl, and smzl and highlight effective murine models that mimic disease in the two former, in hopes of informing a potential model of the latter. at the time of writing this review, the precise molecular events of smzl remain to be determined and a treatment regimen remains to be identified. therefore, based on the efforts put forth in the b-cell lymphoma field throughout the past three decades, the established role of caveolin-1 in b-and t-cell biology as an oncogene or tumor suppressor, and the recurrent deletion or loss of heterozygosity (loh) of 7q in many cancers, we make recommendations for a murine model of smzl.
cell_biology	phylogeny is often used to compare entire families of genes/proteins. we previously showed that classification of caenorhabditis elegans rho gtpases on the basis of their enzymatic properties was significantly different from sequence alignments. to further develop this concept, we have developed an integrated approach to classify c. elegans small gtpases based on functional data comprising affinity for gtp, sub-cellular localization, tissue distribution and silencing impact. this analysis led to establish a novel functional classification for small gtpases. to test the relevance of this classification in mammals, we focused our attention on the human orthologs of small gtpases from a specific group comprising arf- 1.2, evl-20, arl-1, y54e10br. 2, unc-108 and rab-7. we then tested their involvement in protein secretion and membrane traffic in mammalian systems. using this approach we identify a novel network containing 18 gtpases, and 23 functionally interacting proteins, conserved between c. elegans and mammals, which is involved in membrane traffic and protein secretion.
cell_biology	autophagy is a highly conserved catabolic process, whereby unwanted cytoplasmic contents are enclosed by the double-membrane autophagosomes and delivered to the lysosomes for degradation. it is responsible for the recycling of nutrients and cellular components, thus playing a pivotal role in maintaining cellular homeostasis as well as cell survival during stress conditions. perturbations in autophagy are implicated in multiple diseases, such as cancers and neuro-degeneration diseases. recent studies demonstrate that autophagy may participate in almost every step of immune responses, including pathogen recognition, antigen processing and presentation, immune cell development and function, and immunoregulation. the pathogenesis of some autoimmune diseases, such as multiple sclerosis and crohn 's disease, has been reported to be associated with dysregulated autophagy. systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) is a chronic, potentially fatal autoimmune disease, characterized by dysregulation of immune cells and production of autoantibodies that cause widespread tissue and organ damage. the pathogenesis of sle remains unclear. with several single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) in autophagy-related gene5 (atg5) being linked to sle susceptibility, more and more lines of evidence from animal model, cell biology, immunology, and genetics studies show that autophagy contributes to the occurrence, development, and severity of sle. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
cell_biology	experiences and environments have a variety of effects on brain plasticity at levels ranging from the molecular and cellular to the behavioral. brain plasticity is one of the most important characteristics of animal survival. in particular, environmental enrichment and exercise induce many structural and functional changes in the brain, and it is noteworthy that these changes result in further beneficial effects at behavioral levels, such as improved learning behavior and antidepressant effects. the effects of enrichment and exercise, and the mechanisms involved in both, provide crucial evidence for the prevention and treatment of brain disorders. however, the enriched environment- and exercise-induced mechanisms underlying the structural and behavioral effects in the brain remain poorly understood. in this review i discuss the molecular mechanisms of environment-and experience-dependent brain plasticity based on the results of studies carried out by our research group at the department of neuroscience and cell biology, osaka university. this review consists of three parts: first, a description of a role for the motor protein kif1a in enhanced synaptogenesis and memory function induced by environmental enrichment; second, a discussion of the function of the 5-ht3 receptor in hippocampal neurogenesis and behavioral changes induced by exercise; third, a discussion of the role of the 5-ht3 receptor in fear extinction.
cell_biology	proteomics studies have identified ste20-related proline/alanine-rich kinase (spak) and oxidative stress response 1 (osr1) in exosomes isolated from body fluids such as blood, saliva, and urine. because proteomics studies likely overestimate the number of exosome proteins, we sought to confirm and extend this observation using traditional biochemical and cell biology methods. we utilized hek293 cells in culture to verify the packaging of these ste20 kinases in exosomes. using a series of centrifugation and filtration steps of conditioned culture medium isolated from hek293 cells, we isolated nanovesicles in the range of 40-100 nm. we show that these small vesicles express the tetraspanin protein cd63 and lack endoplasmic reticulum and golgi markers, consistent with these being exosomes. we show by western blot and immunogold analyses that these exosomes express spak, osr1, and na-k-cl cotransporter 1 (nkcc1). we show that exosomes are not only secreted by cells, but also accumulated by adjacent cells. indeed, exposing cultured cells to exosomes produced by other cells expressing a fluorescently labeled kinase resulted in the kinase finding its way into the cytoplasm of these cells, consistent with the idea of exosomes serving as cell-to-cell communication vessels. similarly, coculturing cells expressing different fluorescently tagged proteins resulted in the exchange of proteins between cells. in addition, we show that both spak and osr1 kinases entering cells through exosomes are preferentially expressed at the plasma membrane and that the kinases in exosomes are functional and maintain nkcc1 in a phosphorylated state.
cell_biology	the generation of axon collateral branches is a fundamental aspect of the development of the nervous system and the response of axons to injury. although much has been discovered about the signaling pathways and cytoskeletal dynamics underlying branching, additional aspects of the cell biology of axon branching have received less attention. this review summarizes recent advances in our understanding of key factors involved in axon branching. this article focuses on how cytoskeletal mechanisms, intracellular organelles, such as mitochondria and the endoplasmic reticulum, and membrane remodeling (exocytosis and endocytosis) contribute to branch initiation and formation. together this growing literature provides valuable insight as well as a platform for continued investigation into how multiple aspects of axonal cell biology are spatially and temporally orchestrated to give rise to axon branches. (c) 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
cell_biology	nanovesicles (similar to 100 nm) are ubiquitous in cell biology and an important vector for drug delivery. mechanical properties of vesicles are known to influence cellular uptake, but the mechanism by which deformation dynamics affect internalization is poorly understood. this is partly due to the fact that experimental studies of the mechanics of such vesicles remain challenging, particularly at the nanometer scale where appropriate theoretical models have also been lacking. here, we probe the mechanical properties of nanoscale liposomes using atomic force microscopy (afm) indentation. the mechanical response of the nanovesicles shows initial linear behavior and subsequent flattening corresponding to inward tether formation. we derive a quantitative model, including the competing effects of internal pressure and membrane bending, that corresponds well to these experimental observations. our results are consistent with a bending modulus of the lipid bilayer of similar to 1.4k(b)t. surprisingly, we find that vesicle stiffness is pressure dominated for adherent vesicles under physiological conditions. our experimental method and quantitative theory represents a robust approach to study the mechanics of nanoscale vesicles, which are abundant in biology, as well as being of interest for the rational design of liposomal vectors for drug delivery.
cell_biology	background: recent experiments regarding ndc80/hec1 in force generation at kinetochores for chromosome motions have prompted speculation about possible models for interactions between positively charged molecules at kinetochores and negative charge at and near the plus ends of microtubules. discussion: a clear picture of how kinetochores and centrosomes establish and maintain a dynamic coupling to microtubules for force generation during the complex motions of mitosis remains elusive. the current paradigm of molecular cell biology requires that specific molecules, or molecular geometries, for force generation be identified. however, it is possible to explain several different mitotic motions-including poleward force production at kinetochores-within a classical electrostatics approach in terms of experimentally known charge distributions, modeled as surface and volume bound charges interacting over nanometer distances. conclusion: we propose here that implicating ndc80/hec1 as a bound volume positive charge distribution in electrostatic generation of poleward force at kinetochores is most consistent with a wide range of experimental observations on mitotic motions, including polar production of poleward force and chromosome congression.
cell_biology	multicellular spheroids have been studied in the fields of oncology, stem cell biology, and tissue engineering. in this study, we found a new polymer material for thermo-controlled spheroid/monolayer cell culture switching. the polymers that have pendant ureido groups (ureido polymers) exhibited upper critical solution temperature-type phase separation behavior. cells in monolayer culture were converted to spheroids by the addition of ureido polymers below phase separation temperature (t-p). time-lapse observations indicated that cells began to migrate and aggregate to form the spheroids to avoid contact with phase separated polymer (coacervates) on the surface of the culture dish. we supposed that the coacervates seemingly suppressed interaction between cell and the dish surface or extracellular matrices. by increasing culture temperature above t-p, the spheroids began to collapse into a monolayer of cells due to dissolution of the coacervates. these results indicated that cell morphology could be repeatedly switched by changing the culture temperature in the presence of ureido polymers.
cell_biology	studying cell differentiation and transformation allows a better understanding of the mechanisms involved in the initiation and the evolution of cancer. the role of proteins which participate in these processes is dependent on their location within the cell. determining the subcellular localization of proteins or the changes in localization is, therefore, paramount in elucidating their role. using quantitative mass spectrometry, we characterized the protein expression and subcellular localization of nearly 5000 proteins from seven different colorectal cancer (crc) cell lines, as well as normal colon fibroblasts and intestinal epithelial cells. this cellular characterization allowed the identification of colon cancer-associated proteins with differential expression patterns as well as deregulated protein networks and pathways. indeed, our results demonstrate differential expression of proteins involved in cell adhesion, cytoskeleton, and transcription in colon cancer cells compared to normal colon-derived cells. pathway analyses identified different cellular functions, including endocytosis and eif2 signaling, whose deregulation correlates with mutations found in the different crc phenotypes. our results provide an unbiased, quantitative and high-throughput approach to measure changes in protein expression and subcellular protein locations in different crc cell lines.
