green_building	this research is based on taiwan 's first zero-carbon green building-magic school of green technology in national cheng kung university. actual energy consumption will be measured to explore benefits of energy-saving. the design origin for this building encompasses 13 green energy-saving techniques. united states department of energy dynamic building energy analytical software, equest, is used to execute the strictest energy consumption analytical assessment. it is forecasted to reach an energy-saving efficiency of 65% with energy use intensity (eui) of 43 kwh/m(2).yr for the whole building, far below that of 169 kwh/m(2).yr found in taiwan low/mid-rise office buildings. this building has begun operation in 2011, through actual readings from building energy management system (bems) during january to september, first-half-year accumulated eui of 33.5 kwh/m(2).yr against equest analytical assessment of 38.2 kwh/m(2).yr for the same period. demonstrating that equest analytical assessed value is very consistent with building 's actual energy consumption readings. the energy consumption standard in the experimental research behind the magic school of green technology stands at world class.
water_pollution	china has become the world largest paper and paperboard producer. however, pulp and paper industry has involved high resource consumption and severe pollution especially for water. this research has assessed the eco-efficiency of china 's pulp and paper industry at the national level and provincial level. an overview regarding the cleaner production of china 's pulp and paper industry was presented to reveal the measures for reducing environmental impact in the last two decades. slacks-based measure was used to analyze the efficiency levels of 16 provinces' pulp and paper industries. to uncover the underlying causes of eco-efficiency performance, malmquist-luenberger index was calculated to discover the drivers of productivity growth of pulp and paper industries. our results showed that the pollution treatment of china 's pulp and paper industry has made progress in terms of water consumption and water pollution, although the absolute amount of pollution discharge is still large. chemical oxygen demand emissions are still the first critical influencing factor of pulp and paper industry 's inefficiency. furthermore, efficiency progress was the dominating contribution of the industry 's productivity growth between 2010 and 2013. the policies for adjusting the industrial structure of pulp and paper industry have resulted in the scale effects through eliminating backward production capacity and accelerating merger and acquisitions. moreover, the productivity of pulp and paper industry was underestimated when the undesirable outputs were ignored. it indicates that the stricter environmental regulations have positive effects on paper companies to internalize environmental pressures in the production activities through environmental management. in the future, pulp and paper companies should further internalize the cost of pollution treatment through scale effects and technology improvement. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
smart_material	the interface of enabling technology with advanced product design has shown radical development in the field of intelligent sensor-embedded system design. numerous applications are envisaged exploiting this interconnectivity, particularly, in the field of biomedical applications. a need, for example, that is of growing demand, is in the field of remote health monitoring and control of critically ill patients, with the help of networked sensors. the continuous monitoring of the health of a patient in a hospital, information fusion from multiple sensor-data as well as broadcasting the recorded data on a network for the ease of access to the clinician and implementing the decisions of clinicians through automated drug delivery units could save millions of precious lives in a country with limited medical experts. in what follows is a brief detailed description of such a system that is developed.
ambient_intelligence	the ageing of the population, and their increasing wish of living independently, are motivating the development of welfare and healthcare models. existing approaches based on the direct heath-monitoring using body sensor networks (bsn) are precise and accurate. nonetheless, their intrusiveness causes non-acceptance. new approaches seek the indirect monitoring through monitoring activities of daily living (adls), which proves to be a suitable solution. adl monitoring systems use many heterogeneous sensors, are less intrusive, and are less expensive than bsn, however, the deployment and maintenance of wireless sensor networks (wsn) prevent them from a widespread acceptance. in this work, a novel technique to monitor the human activity, based on non-intrusive load monitoring (nilm), is presented. the proposal uses only smart meter data, which leads to minimum intrusiveness and a potential massive deployment at minimal cost. this could be the key to develop sustainable healthcare models for smart homes, capable of complying with the elderly people' demands. this study also uses the dempster-shafer theory to provide a daily score of normality with regard to the regular behavior. this approach has been evaluated using real datasets and, additionally, a benchmarking against a gaussian mixture model approach is presented.
construction_management	time, cost, and quality (tcq) as a triple constraint of construction projects have dependent and conflicting objectives. considering the limited resources, estimation of the approximate tcq is a complex and dynamic problem. in addition, the uncertain nature of construction projects and highly variable alternatives make the decision making process a complicated issue. in order to overcome these difficulties, many researchers in the related academic literature introduced different mathematical models on the tcq trade-off problem so far. in these models, two different approaches were used to estimate tcq-related data. in the continues approach, it was assumed that the relationship among these three components could be expressed by continuous functions. in the discrete approach, it was accepted that (i) the construction method, (ii) the crew formation, and (iii) the crew overtime policy have some impacts on the project tcq and that the relationships among these three components become discrete. however, in previous studies, construction materials that have a significant impact on tcq of construction activities and projects were not taken into account completely during the data formation process. as an exception, el rayes and kandil [1] considered different strengths of concrete as material alternatives in a highway construction project. in fact, all the studies focused on proving the applicability of different optimization techniques instead of optimizing tcq of a real construction project. in this context, some simple projects including a limited number of activities were used to evaluate the applicability of the developed models. therefore, in the present study, it is aimed to outline a new two-step methodology, including the alternative construction material utilization, for tcq trade-off problems, especially for building projects which enable the utilization of the high variety of construction materials. for this purpose, the impact of construction materials on tcq of a project was explained in a detailed manner. (c) 2016 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.
suspension_bridge	the ability to accurately predict traffic loading is essential for cost-effective bridge maintenance and repair programs. the traffic load model currently used in the united states for the design of long-span bridges was developed over three decades ago. in the meantime, vehicle characteristics and traffic patterns have changed. the eurocode for traffic loading is more recent, but was calibrated only for bridges up to 200 m long. in this work, weigh-in-motion traffic records from 11 different sites across alabama are used to establish congested traffic loading. traffic microsimulation is used to generate congestion based on real traffic data. influence lines for two typical long-span bridges, one cable-stayed bridge, and one suspension bridge are determined using finite-element models. these are used in the microsimulation model to estimate the bridge-load effects caused by congested traffic. these results are extrapolated to find the characteristic lifetime maximum values that are used to evaluate the eurocode load model to assess its suitability for long-span bridges. in a similar way, the current american load model for long-span bridges, commonly known as the asce model, is evaluated to see if it accurately reflects the congested traffic loading that is currently found on american highways. recent research has suggested the use of the aashto hl-93 load model to estimate the effects of traffic loading on long-span bridges, and this model is also evaluated in this work.
geotextile	this paper presents a case history of geotextile-reinforced dry cover placement on a reclaimed clay deposit treated by progressive trenching method. in order to investigate the effects of the cover material 's characteristic of ensuring trafficability with respect to bearing failure and ground deformation, two types of covers were considered in pilot tests: a layer of weathered granite soil cover and a layer of weathered granite soil over stiff crushed stone. a number of in-situ plate load tests were conducted for various cover conditions to assess the bearing capacity of the reclaimed deposit and to determine the thickness and material compositions that satisfy the bearing capacity requirement. in full-scale pilot tests for cover placement, field monitoring was carried out for the surface settlement and pore pressure that developed in the reclaimed clay layer. the results of plate-loading tests and monitoring during staged cover placements are discussed and compared using numerical predictions obtained from both finite element analyses and undrained stability analyses. the comparison results showed that the drainage condition of the ground surface facing the dry cover is strongly related to the ground response and stability.
stealth_technology	in this paper, we propose a technique for ir low-observability that uses an active ir signal tuning through the real time control of the object surface temperature according to the varying background environment. this is achieved by applying the proper object surface temperature obtained to result in the minimum radiance difference between the object and the background. experimental verification by using the thermoelectric temperature control element shows that the ir radiance contrast between the object and the background can be reduced up to 99% during the night and up to 95% during the day time as compared to the un-tuned original radiance contrast values. the stealth technology demonstrated in this paper may be applied for many military systems needed for the ir stealth performance when a suitable temperature control unit is developed.
solar_energy	a bubble pump is proposed to replace the traditional mechanical solution pump in lithium bromide absorption chillers, for its advantageous feature that can be driven by industrial waste heat or solar energy or other low-grade energy. in two-stage bubble pump driven lithium bromide absorption refrigeration system, flow patterns in lifting pipe have significant effects on the performance of bubble pump. in this paper, the single bubble motion and the double bubbles coalescence in vertical ascending pipe are simulated by an improved free energy model of lattice boltzmann method, in which the two-phase liquid to gas density ratio is 2778. the details of bubbles coalescence process are studied. density and velocity of bubbles have been obtained. the computational results show that the initial radius of each bubble has a great influence on the coalescence time. the larger the initial bubble radius, the shorter the coalescence time. the pipe diameter has a little effect on the two bubbles coalescence time while it has a significant effect on the bubble velocity. as the pipe diameter increases, the bubble velocity increases. the obtained results are helpful for studying the transition mechanisms of two-phase flow patterns and useful for improving the bubble pump performance by controlling the flow patterns in lifting pipe. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
remote_sensing	surface remote sensing of aerosol properties provides ground truth for satellite and model validation and is an important component of aerosol observation system. due to the different characteristics of background aerosol variability, information obtained at different locations usually has different spatial representativeness, implying that the location should be carefully chosen so that its measurement could be extended to a greater area. in this study, we present an objective observation array design technique that automatically determines the optimal locations with the highest spatial representativeness based on the ensemble kalman filter (enkf) theory. the ensemble is constructed using aerosol optical depth (aod) products from five satellite sensors. the optimal locations are solved sequentially by minimizing the total analysis error variance, which means that observations at these locations will reduce the background error variance to the largest extent. the location determined by the algorithm is further verified to have larger spatial representativeness than some other arbitrary location. in addition to the existing active aerosol robotic network (aeronet) sites, the 40 selected optimal locations are mostly concentrated on regions with both high aod inhomogeneity and its spatial representativeness, namely, the sahel, south africa, east asia, and north pacific islands. these places should be the focuses of establishing future aeronet sites in order to further reduce the uncertainty in the monthly mean aod. observations at these locations contribute to approximately 50% of the total background uncertainty reduction.
rainwater_harvesting	water is a scarce resource in arid regions, and hence water harvesting is critically important in these regions for which many different means are adopted including groundwater and rainwater harvesting. this paper examines the feasibility of rainwater harvesting from roof catchments in arid regions of australia. for this, ten representative locations in the arid regions of australia are selected. also, ten different sizes of rainwater tanks ranging from 5 kl to 50 kl and three different combinations of water uses are considered. a model is developed to simulate the performance of a rainwater harvesting (rwh) system. it is found that the reliability of a rwh system is highly dependent on mean annual rainfall at the location of interest. it is found that a 20 kl tank can provide a reliability of 61%-97% for toilet and laundry use depending on the location within the australian arid regions. at the current water price, rwh system is not financially viable in the australian arid regions. the methodology adopted in this paper can be adapted to other similar arid regions of the world. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
prenatal_development	the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation with 0.35% l-leucine on redox status and gene abundance relating to mitochondrial biogenesis and function in the jejunum of intrauterine growth-retarded (iugr) piglets during early weaning period. according to a 2x2 factorial arrangement, 16 iugr and 16 normal body weight (nbw) piglets were fed a basal diet without l-leucine supplementation or a basal diet plus 0.35% l-leucine supplementation from the age of 14 to 35d. the results showed that compared with nbw piglets, iugr piglets had a lower (p<0.05) jejunal dna concentration, a reduced (p<0.05) manganese superoxide dismutase (mnsod) and total antioxidant capability (t-aoc) activities and mitochondrial dna content in the jejunum. leucine supplementation increased (p<0.05) mnsod and t-aoc activities and decreased (p<0.05) the malondialdehyde content in the jejunum of iugr piglets. the mrna gene abundance of nuclear respiratory factor-1 (nrf1), mitochondrial transcription factor a (tfam), atp synthase (atps), cytochrome c oxidase v (ccox v), cytochrome c and glucokinase in the jejunum of iugr piglets was reduced (p<0.05) compared with nbw piglets. however, nrf1, peroxisome proliferation-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1 alpha, tfam, atps and ccox i mrna gene abundance in the jejunum of iugr piglets were increased (p<0.05) by diets supplemented with leucine. these data indicate that leucine supplementation has therapeutic potential for attenuating intestinal oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction in iugr piglets during the early period of life via increasing enzyme activities and up-regulating mrna gene abundance.
attention	we demonstrate that the notion of a family 'constitution' (self-enforcing, renegotiation-proof norm) requiring adults to provide attention for their elderly parents carries over from a world where identical individuals reproduce asexually, to one where individuals differentiated by sex and preferences marry, have children and bargain over the allocation of domestic resources. in this heterogenous world, couples are sorted by their preferences. if a couple 's common preferences satisfy a certain condition, the couple have an interest in instilling those preferences into their children. policies are generally nonneutral. in particular, wage redistribution may raise, and compulsory education will reduce, the share of the adult population that is governed by family constitutions, and thus the share of the elderly population who receive attention from their children.
eating_disorders	anorexia nervosa (an) is an eating disorder, mainly affecting women, with a lifetime prevalence of about 1%, that can run a chronic course. while an effective pharmacotherapy is lacking, it is hypothesized that the progesterone and type ii glucocorticoid receptor antagonist mifepristone (ru486) might be useful, as it is well known that the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis (hpa) is activated in an. even if secondary to the eating disorder, an active hpa axis may contribute to maintaining the neuroendocrine, emotional and behavioral effects observed in an. more specifically, it is suggested that the hpa axis interacts with limbic structures, including the insular and prefrontal cortices, to uphold the changes in interoceptive and emotional awareness seen in an. as such, it is proposed that mifepristone (ru486) reverses these effects by acting on these limbic regions. in conclusion, the theoretical efficacy of mifepristone (ru486) in improving symptoms of an should be tested in randomized clinical trials. (c) 2016 elsevier inc all rights reserved.
borderline_personality_disorder	affective instability, conceptualized as fluctuations in mood over time, has been related to ill-health and psychopathology. in this study, we examined the role of affective instability on daily pain outcomes in 70 patients with chronic pain (m-age = 49.7 years; 46 females) using an end-of-day diary. during a baseline phase, patients completed self-reported questionnaires of pain severity, pain duration, disability, depression, and anxiety. during a subsequent diary phase, patients filled out an electronic end-of-day diary over 14 consecutive days assessing daily levels of pain severity, disability, cognitive complaints, negative affect (na) and positive affect. affective instability was operationalized as the mean square of successive differences in daily mood (separately for na and positive affect), which takes into account the size of affective changes over consecutive days. results indicated that na instability was positively associated with daily disability, beyond the effects of daily pain severity. furthermore, na instability moderated the relationship between daily pain severity and daily disability and the relationship between daily pain severity and daily cognitive complaints. positive affect instability, however, showed to be unrelated to all outcomes. current findings extend previous results and reveal the putative role of affective instability on pain-related outcomes and may yield important clinical implications. indeed, they suggest that targeting na instability by improving emotion regulation skills may be a strategy to diminish disability and cognitive complaints in patients with chronic pain.
prosocial_behavior	in germany, high prevalence rates for problematic alcohol use and problematic internet use in adolescents were reported. the objective of the present study was to identify psychopathological factors associated with these two behavior patterns. to our knowledge, this is the first investigation assessing psychopathological factors for both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use in the same sample of adolescents. we surveyed a sample of 1444 adolescents in germany regarding problematic alcohol use, problematic internet use, psychopathology and psychological well-being. we conducted binary logistic regression analyses. 5.6% of the sample showed problematic alcohol use, 4.8% problematic internet use, and 0.8% both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use. problematic alcohol use was higher in adolescents with problematic internet use compared to those without problematic internet use. conduct problems and depressive symptoms were statistically significant associated with both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use. prosocial behavior was related to problematic internet use. male gender and less peer problems were associated with problematic alcohol use. for the first time associations between adolescent problematic alcohol and problematic internet use due to common psychopathological factors were identified. however, in addition to shared factors, we found also specific psychopathological correlates associated with these two behavior patterns. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
false_memories	false memories commonly activate the anterior/dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (a/dlpfc) and the hippocampus. these regions are assumed to work in concert during false memories, which would predict a positive correlation between the magnitudes of activity in these regions across participants. however, the a/dlpfc may also inhibit the hippocampus, which would predict a negative correlation between the magnitudes of activity in these regions. in the present functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) study, during encoding, participants viewed abstract shapes in the left or right visual field. during retrieval, participants classified each old shape as previously in the left or right visual field followed by an unsure-sure-very sure confidence rating. the contrast of left-hits and left-misses produced two activations in the hippocampus and three activations in the left a/dlpfc. for each participant, activity associated with false memories (right-left-very sure responses) from the two hippocampal regions was plotted as a function of activity in each a/dlpfc region. across participants, for one region in the left anterior prefrontal cortex, there was a negative correlation between the magnitudes of activity in this region and the hippocampus. this suggests that the anterior prefrontal cortex might inhibit the hippocampus during false memories and that participants engage either the anterior prefrontal cortex or the hippocampus during false memories.
problem-solving	there is growing interest in the description of short-lived patterns in the spatiotemporal cortical activity monitored via neuroimaging. most traditional analysis methods, designed to estimate relatively long-term brain dynamics, are not always appropriate to capture these patterns. here we introduce a novel data-driven approach for detecting short-lived fmri brain activity patterns. exploiting density peak clustering (rodriguez and laio [2014]), our approach reveals well localized clusters by identifying and grouping together voxels whose time-series are similar, irrespective of their brain location, even when very short time windows (similar to 10 volumes) are used. the method, which we call coherence density peak clustering (cdpc), is first tested on simulated data and compared with a standard unsupervised approach for fmri analysis, independent component analysis (ica). cdpc identifies activated voxels with essentially no false-positives and proves more reliable than ica, which is troubled by a number of false positives comparable to that of true positives. the reliability of the method is demonstrated on real fmri data from a simple motor task, containing brief iterations of the same movement. the clusters identified are found in regions expected to be involved in the task, and repeat synchronously with the paradigm. the methodology proposed is especially suitable for the study of short-time brain dynamics and single trial experiments, where the event or task of interest cannot be repeated for the same subject, as happens, for instance, in problem-solving, learning and decision-making. a gui implementation of our method is available for download at https://github.com/micheleallegra/cdpc. (c) 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
prejudice	existing studies have found that restaurant servers sometimes deliver service that is informed by their customers' race. however, we know considerably less about the causes underlying such discriminatory behaviors within the restaurant context. in this study, we advance this literature by analyzing data derived from a survey of restaurant servers (n = 195) to assess the effects of working in a racialized workplace environment, characterized by racist and stereotypical discourse, on servers' reports of providing race-based service. our findings reveal a strong statistically significant positive relationship between observing racialized workplace discourse and servers' self-professed discriminatory behaviors. furthermore, we find that these effects are not mediated or moderated by servers' willingness to participate in the discursive spreading of racial stereotypes by discussing their customers' race with peers. we conclude by identifying suggestions that restaurant leaders might consider to reduce racial discrimination within the restaurant industry.
antisocial_personality_disorder	around half the inmates in prison institutions have antisocial personality disorder (aspd). a recent theory has proposed that a dysfunction of the endogenous opioid system (eos) underlies the neurobiology of borderline personality disorder (bpd). in the present theoretical paper, based on a comprehensive database and hand search of the relevant literature, this hypothesis is extended to aspd, which may be the predominant expression of eos dysfunction in men, while the same pathology underlies bpd in women. according to evidence from human and animal studies, the problematic behaviours of persons with antisocial, callous, or psychopathic traits may be seen as desperate, unconscious attempts to stimulate their deficient eos, which plays a key role in brain reward circuits. if the needs of this system are not being met, the affected persons experience dysphoric mood, discomfort, or irritability, and strive to increase binding of endogenous opioids to receptors by using the rewarding effects of aggression by exertion of physical or manipulative power on others, by abusing alcohol or substances that have the reward system as target, by creating an endorphin rush by self-harm, by increasing the frequency of their sexual contacts, or by impulsive actions and sensation seeking. symptoms associated with aspd can be treated with opioid antagonists like naltrexone, naloxone, or nalmefene. copyright (c) 2015 john wiley & sons, ltd.
nonverbal_communication	the phenotype of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 (cdkl5) syndrome includes rett syndrome variant with early onset seizures, early onset epileptic encephalopathy; and severe developmental delay. autistic features have often been reported in literature, but detailed reports of the behavior of these individuals are lacking. we describe the clinical picture of a girl aged 15 years 9 months affected by cdkl5 syndrome, with special attention to the neurobehavioral phenotype. the evaluation showed, apart from a profound intellectual disability, the presence of atypical features of behavior, mainly in relating to people, in imitation, and in verbal and nonverbal communication, thus justifying the diagnosis of comorbid autism spectrum disorder. a formal assessment of the behavior, through appropriate tools, is necessary to choose the most appropriate rehabilitative intervention and to characterize in more detail the cdkl5 syndrome phenotype. we propose a testing protocol for the neurobehavioral assessment of these patients.
leadership	since the turn of the millennium, interest in collaborative and distributed conceptualisations of leadership has gathered momentum, particularly in education. during the same period, higher education institutions have been embedded in practices shaped by new public management. the resultant reconfiguration of structural arrangements within institutions has led to the existence of two staff groups, professional and academic. the former is often aligned to the rise in managerial practices over claimed academic collegial practices, thus creating conditions for a possible dualistic positioning with the two groups. distributed leadership and collaboration are claimed to be approaches that overcome this dualism, yet they may also be susceptible to maintaining this dual state and subtly reaffirm embedded interests and structures. as an alternative, a leadership-as-practice approach ontologically shifts the way in which sense is made of organisations. the practice-based model for understanding organisations presented in this paper offers a theoretical and applied framework that incorporates and also goes beyond collaborative and distributed leadership due to its association with practice theory.
child_abuse	adult victims of child physical abuse (cpa) are more likely to perpetrate intimate partner violence (ipv) than are nonvictims. however, not all cpa victims go on to become violent toward their partners, suggesting that other factors moderate risk for ipv perpetration. drawing on the background-situational model (riggs & o'leary, 1989, 1996), this study examines the independent and interactive effects of cpa history and negative affect arising during conflict with an intimate partner in predicting physical ipv perpetration. fifty-three heterosexual dating couples completed questionnaires assessing cpa history and perpetration of physical ipv. couples discussed the largest source of conflict in their relationship for 10 min. videos of these discussions were coded for negative affect. using an actor partner interdependence model approach to account for the dyadic interdependence of the data, findings revealed that at average levels of negative affect, cpa severity predicted greater ipv perpetration for both men and women. however, at average levels of cpa, negative affect during conflict was positively predictive of ipv perpetration for men only. findings further revealed an interaction such that for men, the positive association between cpa severity and ipv perpetration became stronger as their negative affect during conflict increased.
gender_roles	earlier evidence predominantly supports that women are more ethical than men. with the replication of such a hypothesis for testing, this study further examined whether feminine gender roles are a better predictor of ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values than the biological sex. four hundred ten management students from two technical institutes in eastern india participated in this study. along with the socio-demographic variables in the questionnaire, inventories were used to assess gender roles, ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values. the inventories had acceptable reliability and validity. the results suggested that when the confounding effects of age, caste, and rural/urban origin are controlled, women manifest higher corporate responsibility values than men, but they embody similar ethical attitudes and ethical behaviors as men. furthermore, the feminine roles of the participants were found to be more consistent, potent, and direct predictors of ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values than the biological sex. hence, individuals with feminine roles may be better suited for ethical responsibilities.
depression	this article explores socially withdrawn young finnish people on an internet forum who identify with the japanese hikikomori phenomenon. we aim to overcome the dualism between sociology and psychology found in earlier research by referring to pierre bourdieu, who provides insights into how individual choices are constructed in accordance with wider social settings. we focus on the individual level and everyday choices, but we suggest that psychological factors (anxiety, depression) can be seen as properties of social relations rather than as individual states of mind, as young adults have unequal access to valued resources. we scrutinise young people 's specific reasoning related to the social and psychological factors and contingent life events that influence their choice to withdraw. an experience of inadequacy, a feeling of failure and a lack of self-efficacy are common experiences in the data. this indicates that young adults who identify with the hikikomori phenomenon find external society demanding and consider themselves lacking resources such as education, social networks or the personality type that they see as valued in society and as essential to survival'. they also feel that they cannot control their life events, which may mean that they receive little help in their everyday lives.
social_cognition	social cognitive skills are indispensable for successful communication with others. substantial research has determined deficits in these abilities in patients with mental disorders. in neurobiological development and continuing into adulthood, cross-cultural differences in social cognition have been demonstrated. moreover, symptomatic patterns in mental disorders may vary according to the cultural background of an individual. cross-cultural studies can thus help in understanding underlying (biological) mechanisms and factors that influence behavior in health and disease. in addition, studies that apply novel paradigms assessing the impact of culture on cognition may benefit and advance neuroscience research. in this review, the authors give an overview of cross-cultural research in the field of social cognition in health and in mental disorders and provide an outlook on future research directions, taking a neuroscience perspective.
seasonal_affective_disorder	background: distinguishing pediatric bipolar disorder (bd) from attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) can be challenging. hyperactivity is a core feature of both disorders, but severely disturbed sleep and circadian dysregulation are more characteristic of bd, at least in adults. we tested the hypothesis that objective measures of activity, sleep, and circadian rhythms would help differentiate pediatric subjects with bd from adhd and typically developing controls. methods: unmedicated youths (n = 155, 97 males, age 5-18) were diagnosed using dsm-iv criteria with kiddie-sads pl/e. bd youths (n = 48) were compared to typically developing controls (n = 42) and children with adhd (n = 44) or adhd plus comorbid depressive disorders (n = 21). three-to-five days of minute-to-minute belt-worn actigraph data (ambulatory monitoring inc.), collected during the school week, were processed to yield 28 metrics per subject, and assessed for group differences with analysis of covariance. cross-validated machine learning algorithms were used to determine the predictive accuracy of a four-parameter model, with measures reflecting sleep, hyperactivity, and circadian dysregulation, plus indic 's bipolar vulnerability index (vi). results: there were prominent group differences in several activity measures, notably mean 5 lowest hours of activity, skewness of diurnal activity, relative circadian amplitude, and vi. a predictive support vector machine model discriminated bipolar from non-bipolar with mean accuracy of 83.1 +/- 5.4%, roc area of 0.781 +/- 0.071, kappa of 0.587 +/- 0.136, specificity of 91.7 +/- 5.3%, and sensitivity of 64.4 +/- 13.6%. conclusions: objective measures of sleep, circadian rhythmicity, and hyperactivity were abnormal in bd. wearable sensor technology may provide bio-behavioral markers that can help differentiate children with bd from adhd and healthy controls.
person_perception	previous research has demonstrated that athletes displaying dominant nonverbal behavior (nvb) are perceived to possess more favorable performance characteristics and are expected to perform better than athletes showing submissive nvb. in the present study we used point light videos of a baseball pitcher displaying dominant, submissive, and neutral nvbs to show that this effect is mainly driven by the submissive condition. no difference between the neutral and the dominant condition was evident, suggesting that it is more important to avoid displaying submissive nvb instead of showing dominant nvb as neutral nvb already seems to lead to the impression that the athlete can handle the situation. the results show that nvbs expressing dominance and submissiveness are important early cues that affect the impression formation process in sport and the expectancy of success of the athlete observing this nvb. in addition, the results indicate, that further information about the ability level of the athlete might diminish this effect. performance consequences of the effect of nvb are discussed.
media_violence	there is a large amount of variables that need to be taken into account when studying the effects of violent content in digital games; one of those being difficulty. in the current study participants played a modified first-person shooter in one of four different conditions, with either high or low difficulty and high or low violent game content. we assessed number of kills and number of deaths as game performance. neither the difficulty nor the displayed violence had an effect on psychophysiological arousal during play, post-game aggressive cognitions, nor aggressive behavior. thus, this study corroborates previous research indicating that violence in games does not substantially influence human behavior or experience, and other game characteristics deserve more attention in game effects studies. in addition, findings showed that challenge manipulated by game difficulty is of main importance for post-game emotions: number of deaths predicted positive affect, but only in the low difficulty condition while number of kills was a positive predictor for positive affect and a negative predictor for negative affect. (c) 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
schizophrenia	all currently approved drugs for schizophrenia work mainly by dopaminergic antagonism. while they are efficacious for psychotic symptoms, their efficacy is limited for negative symptoms and cognitive deficits which underlie the substantive disability in this illness. recent insights into the biological basis of schizophrenia, especially in relation to non-dopaminergic mechanisms, have raised the efforts to find novel and effective drug targets, though with relatively little success thus far. potential impediments to novel drug discovery include the continued use of symptom based disease definitions which leads to etiological and pathophysiological heterogeneity, lack of valid preclinical models for drug testing, and design limitations in clinical trials. these roadblocks can be addressed by (i) characterizing trans-diagnostic, translational pathophysiological dimensions as potential treatment targets, (ii) efficiency, accountability and, transparency in approaches to the clinical trials process, and (iii) leveraging recent advances in genetics and in vitro phenotypes. accomplishing these goals is urgent given the significant unmet needs in the pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia. as this happens, it is imperative that clinicians employ optimal dosing, measurement-based care, and other best practices in utilizing existing treatments to optimize outcomes for their patients today. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
