prenatal_development	the aim of this study was to investigate the effects of dietary supplementation with 0.35% l-leucine on redox status and gene abundance relating to mitochondrial biogenesis and function in the jejunum of intrauterine growth-retarded (iugr) piglets during early weaning period. according to a 2x2 factorial arrangement, 16 iugr and 16 normal body weight (nbw) piglets were fed a basal diet without l-leucine supplementation or a basal diet plus 0.35% l-leucine supplementation from the age of 14 to 35d. the results showed that compared with nbw piglets, iugr piglets had a lower (p<0.05) jejunal dna concentration, a reduced (p<0.05) manganese superoxide dismutase (mnsod) and total antioxidant capability (t-aoc) activities and mitochondrial dna content in the jejunum. leucine supplementation increased (p<0.05) mnsod and t-aoc activities and decreased (p<0.05) the malondialdehyde content in the jejunum of iugr piglets. the mrna gene abundance of nuclear respiratory factor-1 (nrf1), mitochondrial transcription factor a (tfam), atp synthase (atps), cytochrome c oxidase v (ccox v), cytochrome c and glucokinase in the jejunum of iugr piglets was reduced (p<0.05) compared with nbw piglets. however, nrf1, peroxisome proliferation-activated receptor gamma coactivator-1 alpha, tfam, atps and ccox i mrna gene abundance in the jejunum of iugr piglets were increased (p<0.05) by diets supplemented with leucine. these data indicate that leucine supplementation has therapeutic potential for attenuating intestinal oxidative stress and mitochondrial dysfunction in iugr piglets during the early period of life via increasing enzyme activities and up-regulating mrna gene abundance.
prenatal_development	the increasing functional integrity of the organism during fetal maturation is connected with increasing complex internal coordination. we hypothesize that time scales of complexity and dynamics of heart rate patterns reflect the increasing inter-dependencies within the fetal organism during its prenatal development. we investigated multi-scale complexity, time irreversibility and fractal scaling from 73 fetal magnetocardiographic 30 min recordings over the third trimester. we found different scale dependent complexity changes, increasing medium scale time irreversibility, and increasing long scale fractal correlations (all changes p < 0.05). the results confirm the importance of time scales to be considered in fetal heart rate based developmental indices. (c) 2011 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
prenatal_development	less information is available about site-dependent differences in fetal intrabrain angiogenesis. quantitative evaluation is especially limited, with the measured area limited to the cerebral gray and white matters and the periventricular germinal matrix. we measured vascular density (number of vessels per square millimeter) and percent vascular area (percentage of areas occupied by vessels) of cd34-positive microvessels in 14 human fetal brains, including 4 fetuses at 14-16 weeks of gestation, 5 at 25-28 weeks, and 5 at 35-37 weeks. site-dependent differences were examined among the cerebral cortex, thalamus, internal capsule, corpus callosum, ganglionic eminence, midbrain, and cerebellar cortex and nuclei. the parameters examined tended to be high in the cerebral germinal matrix, thalamus, midbrain, and cerebellum. significant site-dependent differences were observed: lower vascular densities were observed in the internal capsule and corpus callosum than in other parts of the brain (p < 0.05) and a larger percent area was observed in the cerebellar nuclei than in other areas. vascular density was higher during the early than late stage because of the larger numbers of cd34-positive islands of cells in the early stage, although there were several exceptions. percent area was not stage dependent but was almost constant at many sites. consequently, except for developing nuclei, the prenatal development of intrabrain vessels after 15 weeks may proceed without any significant changes in density.
prenatal_development	during palatine rugae development in mice, a cell cluster appeared transiently in the palatine rugae epithelium. the characteristics of these cells were examined histologically and immunohistochemically for anti-cytokeratin (ck) and anti-protein gene product 9.5 (pgp9.5) antibodies using mice from embryonic day 15 (e15) to postnatal day 1 (pn1). at e15, the epithelium of both palatine rugae located in the anterior portion and inter-rugae area consisted of 2-3 cell layers, and palatine rugae have papillae under the epithelium. however, palatine rugae located in the posterior portion have cell clusters in the epithelium. these cells expressed immunopositive reactions for anti-ck18, although they did not react with anti-ck14. under the anti-ck18 immunopositive cell cluster in palatine rugae epithelium, anti-pgp9.5 immunoreactivity was observed in papillae. moreover, the basal cells of the cell cluster showed anti-ck7 immunoreactivity. the cell cluster in palatine rugae epithelium disappeared gradually and anti-ck18 immunopositive cells also disappeared. however, anti-pgp9.5 immunoreactivity in the papilla was maintained after the disappearance of anti-ck18 immunoactivity in the palatine rugae epithelium. at pn1, the epithelium of the palate, including the palatine rugae, was stratified and keratinized. these findings suggested that the cell cluster in the palatine rugae epithelium may be considered as a taste bud-like structure according to the expression pattern for anti-ck and may play an important role in nerve innervation to the papilla under the palatine rugae epithelium.
prenatal_development	objective: this article illustrates early human development, demonstrated by magnetic resonance (mr) microscopy and computer graphics on human embryo specimens, and advanced 3-dimensional (3d) sonography in clinical obstetrics. study design: fixed human embryo specimens were imaged by mr microscopy coupled with computer graphics technology. transvaginal 3d sonography was used to examine embryos in ongoing gestations and compare embryological findings. results: advances in mr microscopy allowed detailed visualization of embryo specimens. computational techniques allowed reconstruction of tomographic images to render them as 3d structures. high-resolution transvaginal 3d sonography produced images that demonstrated the neural tube from week 6; brain anatomy and vasculature from week 8; and craniofacial morphology and other structures from week 11. conclusion: mr microscopy is a novel technique that enables nondestructive, high-resolution imaging of embryo specimens. on the other hand, 3d sonoembryology allows detailed anatomical visualization in vivo and is the basis for the assessment of anomalies as well as human development.
prenatal_development	fetal exposure to environmental insults increases the susceptibility to late-onset neuropsychiatric disorders. alcohol is listed as one of such prenatal environmental risk factors and known to exert devastating teratogenetic effects on the developing brain, leading to complex neurological and psychiatric symptoms observed in fetal alcohol spectrum disorder (fasd). here, we performed a coordinated transcriptome analysis of human and mouse fetal cerebral cortices exposed to ethanol in vitro and in vivo, respectively. up-and down-regulated genes conserved in the human and mouse models and the biological annotation of their expression profiles included many genes/terms related to neural development, such as cell proliferation, neuronal migration and differentiation, providing a reliable connection between the two species. our data indicate that use of the combined rodent and human model systems provides an effective strategy to reveal and analyze gene expression changes inflicted by various physical and chemical environmental exposures during prenatal development. it also can potentially provide insight into the pathogenesis of environmentally caused brain disorders in humans.
prenatal_development	prenatal development is known to be extremely sensitive to maternal and environmental challenges. in this study, we hypothesize that body growth and lactation during gestation in cattle reduce nutrient availability for the pregnant uterus, with consequences for placental development. fetal membranes of 16 growing heifers and 27 fully grown cows of the belgian blue (bb) breed were compared to determine the effect of body growth on placental development. furthermore, the fetal membranes of 49 lactating holstein friesian (hf) cows and 27 hf heifers were compared to study the impact of dam lactation compared to dam body growth. after parturition, calf birth weight and body measurements of dam and calf were recorded, as well as weight of total fetal membranes, cotyledons and intercotyledonary membranes. all cotyledons were individually measured to calculate both the surface of each individual cotyledon and the total cotyledonary surface per placenta. total cotyledonary surface was unaffected by breed or the breedxparity interaction. besides a 0.3 kg lower cotyledonary weight (p=0.007), heifer placentas had a smaller total cotyledonary surface compared with placentas of cows (0.48 +/- 0.017 v. 0.54 +/- 0.014 m(2), respectively, p<0.001). within the bb breed, fetal membranes of heifers had a 1.5 kg lower total weight and 1.0 kg lower intercotyledonary membrane weight (p<0.005) compared with cows. a cotyledon number of only 91 +/- 5.4 was found in multiparous bb dams, while growing bb heifers had a higher cotyledon number (126 +/- 6.7, p<0.001), but a greater proportion of smaller cotyledons (<40 cm(2)). within the hf breed, no parity effect on intercotyledonary membrane weight, cotyledon number and individual cotyledonary surface was found. placental efficiency (calf weight/total cotyledonary surface) was similar in hf and bb heifers but significantly higher in multiparous bb compared with multiparous hf dams (106.0 +/- 20.45 v. 74.3 +/- 12.27 kg/m(2), respectively, p<0.001). furthermore, a seasonal effect on placental development was found, with winter and spring placentas having smaller cotyledons than summer and fall placentas (p<0.001). main findings of the present study are that lactation and maternal growth during gestation entail a comparable nutrient diverting constraint, which might alter placental development. however, results suggest that the placenta is able to manage this situation through two potential compensation mechanisms. in early pregnancy the placenta might cope by establishing a higher number of cotyledons, while in late gestation a compensatory expansion of the cotyledonary surface is suggested to meet the nutrient demand of the fetus.
prenatal_development	the humerus of fossorial moles has a highly derived anatomy, reflecting the ecological specialization of these animals for digging. it is short and broad, with enlarged muscle attachment sites and pronounced articulations compared to non-fossorial sister taxa and other mammals. both condyles are rotated in opposite directions, resulting in a torsion which is unique among eutherian mammals. the development of this exceptional bone was studied in embryonic stages of the fossorial iberian mole (talpa occidentalis) from mesenchymal condensation to incipient ossification based on histological serial sections using 3d reconstruction methods. for comparison, embryonic stages of the semi-fossorial japanese shrew mole (urotrichus talpoides) as well as a sister taxon of moles, the terrestrial north american least shrew (cryptotis parva), were studied. results show that the humerus of talpa already shows its derived anatomy with broadened muscle attachment sites and distinct articulations at early cartilaginous stages, when ossification has just started in the mid-diaphyseal region. the torsion takes place simultaneously with the medial rotation of the forelimbs. the supracondylar foramen is closed in all studied talpa embryos, but patent in cryptotis and urotrichus. this is an example of developmental penetrance, suggesting that variation of adult elements can be found at early stages as well.
prenatal_development	in 1996, psychologists ray blanchard and anthony bogaert found evidence that gay men have a greater number of older brothers than do heterosexual men. this ""fraternal birth order"" (fbo) effect has been replicated numerous times, including in non-western samples. more recently, strong evidence has been found that the fbo effect is of prenatal origin. although there is no direct support for the exact prenatal mechanism, the most plausible explanation may be immunological in origin, i.e., a mother develops an immune reaction against a substance important in male fetal development during pregnancy, and that this immune effect becomes increasingly likely with each male gestation. this immune effect is hypothesized to cause an alteration in (some) later born males' prenatal brain development. the target of the immune response may be molecules (i.e., y-linked proteins) on the surface of male fetal brain cells, including in sites of the anterior hypothalamus, which has been linked to sexual orientation in other research. antibodies might bind to these molecules and thus alter their role in typical sexual differentiation, leading some later born males to be attracted to men as opposed to women. here we review evidence in favor of this hypothesis, including recent research showing that mothers of boys develop an immune response to one y-linked protein (i.e., h-y antigen; smcy) important in male fetal development, and that this immune effect becomes increasingly likely with each additional boy to which a mother gives birth. we also discuss other y-linked proteins that may be relevant if this hypothesis is correct. finally, we discuss issues in testing the maternal immune hypothesis of fbo. (c) 2011 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
prenatal_development	during prenatal development, the nervous system may be more susceptible to environmental toxicants, such as secondhand smoke. the authors assessed the effects of prenatal and postnatal secondhand smoke exposure on the neurodevelopment of 6-month infants. the subjects were 414 mother and infant pairs with no medical problems, taken from the mothers' and children 's environmental health study. prenatal and postnatal exposures to secondhand smoke were determined using maternal self-reports. examiners, unaware of exposure history, assessed the infants at 6 months of age using the bayley scales of infant development. bayley scores were compared for secondhand smoke exposed and unexposed groups after adjusting for potential confounders. multiple logistic regression analysis was carried out to estimate the risk of developmental delay posed by shs exposure. the multivariate model included residential area, maternal age, pre-pregnancy body mass index, education, income, infant sex, parity, birth weight, and type of feeding. after adjusting for covariates, secondhand smoke exposure during pregnancy was found to be related to a decrease in mental developmental index score, but not to a decrease in psychomotor developmental index score. in addition, secondhand smoke exposure during pregnancy was found to increase the risk of developmental delay (mental developmental index score 5 85) at 6 months. this study suggests that the infants of non-smoking women exposed to secondhand smoke are at risk of neurodevelopmental delay. (c) 2011 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
attention	we demonstrate that the notion of a family 'constitution' (self-enforcing, renegotiation-proof norm) requiring adults to provide attention for their elderly parents carries over from a world where identical individuals reproduce asexually, to one where individuals differentiated by sex and preferences marry, have children and bargain over the allocation of domestic resources. in this heterogenous world, couples are sorted by their preferences. if a couple 's common preferences satisfy a certain condition, the couple have an interest in instilling those preferences into their children. policies are generally nonneutral. in particular, wage redistribution may raise, and compulsory education will reduce, the share of the adult population that is governed by family constitutions, and thus the share of the elderly population who receive attention from their children.
attention	roofers have long suffered from low back disorders (lbds), which are a primary nonfatal injury in construction. ergonomic studies have identified several risk factors associated with lbds in workplaces and developed biomechanical models for general lbd risk assessments. however, these models cannot be directly used for assessments in roof workplaces because they are designed for general tasks without considering roofers' posture variance and effects of working on slanted roof surfaces. this paper examined the relationship between roofing work-related factors and lbd risk among roofers using a laboratory assessment. a pitch-configurable wood platform was built to mimic the rooftop. the maximum trunk flexion angle and normalized electromyography (emg) signals were measured as indicators using a motion capture system and a skeletal muscle signal recording system under different settings, i.e., different roof slopes, postures, facing directions, and working paces. the results indicated the measured factors with significant effects on the lbd development and revealed unfavorable conditions (e.g., using a stooped posture to work on low-pitch rooftops at a fast pace) where the work on rooftops needs particular attention. such information is useful for systematic understanding of roofing nonfatal lbd developments among construction professionals and may enable development of interventions and guidelines for reducing the prevalence of lbds at roofing jobsites. (c) 2017 american society of civil engineers.
attention	in the biorefinery context, thermochemical processes have attracted a significant attention in recent years. such processes generally consist of three main steps: pretreatment, thermochemical treatment, and post-treatment. in these developing processes, drying and feeding of biomass feedstock remain a significant and costly challenge. the moisture content of biomass feedstock must be decreased to an economic level at pretreatment step otherwise it has to have a detrimental effect on the process efficiency and quality of products. this work addresses the drying of biomass feedstock using novel but practical technology, called biodrying. it is a green technology that offers an opportunity for biomass drying without using an external heat source or fossil fuels, since drying energy is generated through exothermic microbial activity in the biomass that enhances the drying rate. this paper focuses on technoeconomic assessment of continuous biodrying technology integrated to gasification-based biorefinery and investigates the conditions that make such novel technology viable in conjunction with gasification process. fixed capital investment and operating cost of different biodrying scenarios were estimated as m$4.3-21 and m$0.85/y-3.6/y, respectively, and potential benefits (sludge landfilling cost, energy savings, and carbon credit) from integration of the continuous biodrying system in gasification process implemented in pulp and paper mill were calculated, and ultimately economic performances of the scenarios were assessed. furthermore, the viable biodrying conditions were specified as 4-day residence time and the major viability risk was found to be bound moisture of biomass.
attention	recent years, installation of photovoltaic (pv) system is active by the environmental problem and feed in tariff system. due to pv 's output fluctuation, the static var compensator (svc) made by power electronics technology is planning to install in distribution system. the svc is expected for maintain the voltage. but svc differs in a theory of operation of the existing voltage controller load ratio control transformer (lrt) and step voltage regulator (svr). because the svc operation makes the system impedance changes, the existing voltage controller may not operate effectively. in this study, the intelligent-control method which used the radial basis function (rbf) network is proposed. this method can reduce the effects of the svc operation by including the performance characteristics of svc in the conventional method. an advantage of unnecessary arrangement attention of the svc setup node and easy cooperation with the existing equipment is obtained by applying this method.
attention	environmental managers in the united states and elsewhere are increasingly perceiving dam removal as a critical tool for river restoration and enhancing watershed resilience. in new england, over 125 dams have been dismantled for ecological and economic rationales. a surprising number of these removals, including many that are ongoing, have generated heated conflicts between restoration proponents and local communities who value their dammed landscapes. using a comparative case study approach, we examine the environmental conflict around efforts to remove six dams in new england. each of these removal efforts followed quite different paths and resultant outcomes: successful removal, stalled removal, and failure despite seemingly favorable institutional conditions. lengthy conflicts often transpired in instances where removals occurred, but these were successfully arbitrated by paying attention to local historical-geographical conditions conducive to removal and by brokering effective compromises between dam owners and the various local actors and stakeholders involved in the removal process. yet our results across all cases suggest that these are necessary, but not sufficient conditions for restoration through dam removal since a similar set of conditions typified cases where removals are continuously stalled or completely halted. scholars examining the intersection between ecological restoration and environmental politics should remain vigilant in seeking patterns and generalities across cases of environmental conflict in order to promote important biophysical goals, but must also remain open to the ways in which those goals are thwarted and shaped by conflicts that are deeply contingent on historical-geographical conditions and broader institutional networks of power and influence.
attention	location-aware recommender systems that use location-based ratings to produce recommendations have recently experienced a rapid development and draw significant attention from the research community. however, current work mainly focused on high-quality recommendations while underestimating privacy issues, which can lead to problems of privacy. such problems are more prominent when service providers, who have limited computational and storage resources, leverage on cloud platforms to fit in with the tremendous number of service requirements and users. in this paper, we propose a novel framework, namely applet, for protecting user privacy information, including locations and recommendation results, within a cloud environment. through this framework, all historical ratings are stored and calculated in ciphertext, allowing us to securely compute the similarities of venues through paillier encryption, and predict the recommendation results based on paillier, commutative, and comparable encryption. we also theoretically prove that user information is private and will not be leaked during a recommendation. finally, empirical results over a real-world dataset demonstrate that our framework can efficiently recommend pois with a high degree of accuracy in a privacy-preserving manner.
attention	the space-filling visualization model was first invented by ben shneiderman [28] for maximizing the utilization of display space in relational data (or graph) visualization, especially for tree visualization. it uses the concept of enclosure which dismisses the ""edges"" in the graphic representation that are all too frequently used in traditional node-link based graph visualizations. therefore, the major issue in graph visualization which is the edge crossing can be naturally solved through the adoption of a space filling approach. however in the past, the space-filling concept has not attracted much attention from researchers in the field of multidimensional visualization. although the problem of 'edge crossing' has also occurred among polylines which are used as the basic visual elements in the parallel coordinates visualization, it is problematic if those 'edge crossings' among polylines are not evenly distributed on the display plate as visual clutter will occur. this problem could significantly reduce the human readability in terms of reviewing a particular region of the visualization. in this study, we propose a new space-filling multidimensional data visualization (sfmdvis) that for the first-time introduces a space-filling approach into multidimensional data visualization. the main contributions are: (1) achieving the maximization of space utilization in multidimensional visualization (i.e. 100% of the display area is fully used), (2) eliminating visual clutter in sfmdvis through the use of the non-classic geometric primitive and (3) improving the quality of visualization for the visual perception of linear correlations among different variables as well as recognizing data patterns. to evaluate the quality of sfmdvis, we have conducted a usability study to measure the performance of sfmdvis in comparison with parallel coordinates and a scatterplot matrix for finding linear correlations and data patterns. the evaluation results have suggested that the accuracy of sfmdvis is better than both in terms of perceiving linear correlations and also that the sfmdvis is more efficient (less time is required) than both when recognizing data patterns. 2015 elsevier inc. (c) all rights reserved.
attention	extracellular vesicles (evs), including exosomes, play a key role in inter and intracellular communication, promoting the proliferation and invasion of recipient cells to support tumor growth and metastasis. metastasis comprises multiple steps that first include the detachment of tumor cells through epithelial to mesenchymal transition (emt), allowing the physical dissemination to distant organs. thereafter, cancer-derived exosomes are still critical components for preparing the tumor microenvironment by (i) enabling tumor cells to escape from the immunological surveillance and (ii) arranging the pre-metastatic site for the engraftment of detached cancer cells. in this review, we discuss the multifaceted role of evs in the multiple steps of metastasis. future research directions draw attention to evs as biological targets for cancer diagnosis, prognosis and therapy. however, due to their significant role in cell communication, they may become a valuable drug delivery system.
attention	here, we aimed our attention at the synthesis of carbon dots (c-dots) with the ability to interact with dna to suggest an approach for the detection of dna damage. primarily, c-dots modified with amine moieties were synthesized using the one-step microwave pyrolysis of citric acid in the presence of diethylenetriamine. the c-dots showed strong photoluminescence with a quantum yield of 4%. in addition, the c-dots (2.8 +/- 0.8 nm) possessed a good colloidal stability and exhibited a positive surface charge (zeta=36 mv) at a neutral ph. an interaction study of the c-dots and the dna fragment of lambda bacteriophage was performed, and the dna binding resulted in changes to the photoluminescent and absorption properties of the c-dots. a binding of the c-dots to dna was also observed as a change to dna electrophoretic mobility and a decreased ability to intercalate ethidium bromide (etbr). moreover, the forster (or fluorescence) resonance energy transfer (fret) between the c-dots and etbr was studied, in which the c-dots serve as an excitation energy donor and the etbr serves as an acceptor. when dna was damaged using ultraviolet (uv) radiation (lambda=254 nm) and hydroxyl radicals, the intensity of the emitted photoluminescence at 612 nm significantly decreased. the concept was proved on analysis of the genomic dna from pc-3 cells and dna isolated from melanoma tissues.
attention	integrative medicine (im) has received increasing attention since the 1990s, but few studies have explored the key factors of the im model in health care. this study aimed to describe the im model in leading centers operating in the usa and germany. a 28-item structured survey and semi-structured interviews were conducted in six centers providing integrative medicine in the usa and germany, and were analyzed using a convergent mixed-method approach. the elements in common across all six centers were the following: (1) involvement of general physicians (gp) in delivering complementary and alternative medicine (cam) services; (2) requirement for gp or medical referral or recommendation to cam services; (3) involvement of an integrative physician (ip) as a ""gatekeeper""; (4) focus on research, education, and clinical practice; and (5) ongoing academic activities. the key elements differentiating the two countries were the following: (1) level of requirements for gp referral to cam services; (2) differences in im service delivery, including treatment modalities used; (3) accessibility of cam services to patients; (4) interaction between team members and patients; (5) perception of cam/im; and (6) perception of patient-centered care. themes underpinning these elements are the following: cultural aspects in conceptualizing im health care; communication within im programs; and resource availability for delivering im services, which impacts patient engagement and team collaboration in the im framework. delivering im health care requires a model of care that encourages interaction between all stakeholders. developing a comprehensive conceptual framework to support im practice is required to facilitate efficient and safe patient care.
eating_disorders	anorexia nervosa (an) is an eating disorder, mainly affecting women, with a lifetime prevalence of about 1%, that can run a chronic course. while an effective pharmacotherapy is lacking, it is hypothesized that the progesterone and type ii glucocorticoid receptor antagonist mifepristone (ru486) might be useful, as it is well known that the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal axis (hpa) is activated in an. even if secondary to the eating disorder, an active hpa axis may contribute to maintaining the neuroendocrine, emotional and behavioral effects observed in an. more specifically, it is suggested that the hpa axis interacts with limbic structures, including the insular and prefrontal cortices, to uphold the changes in interoceptive and emotional awareness seen in an. as such, it is proposed that mifepristone (ru486) reverses these effects by acting on these limbic regions. in conclusion, the theoretical efficacy of mifepristone (ru486) in improving symptoms of an should be tested in randomized clinical trials. (c) 2016 elsevier inc all rights reserved.
eating_disorders	billions of birds migrate long distances to either reach breeding areas or to spend the winter at more benign places. on migration, most passerines frequently stop over to rest and replenish their fuel reserves. to date, we know little regarding how they decide that they are ready to continue their journey. what physiological signals tell a bird 's brain that its fuel reserves are sufficient to resume migration? a network of hormones regulates food intake and body mass in vertebrates, including the recently discovered peptide hormone, ghrelin. here, we show that ghrelin reflects body condition and influences migratory behavior of wild birds. we measured ghrelin levels of wild garden warblers (sylvia borin) captured at a stopover site. further, we manipulated blood concentrations of ghrelin to test its effects on food intake and migratory restlessness. we found that acylated ghrelin concentrations of garden warblers with larger fat scores were higher than those of birds without fat stores. further, injections of unacylated ghrelin decreased food intake and increased migratory restlessness. these results represent experimental evidence that appetite-regulating hormones control migratory behavior. our study lays a milestone in migration physiology because it provides the missing link between ecologically dependent factors such as condition and timing of migration. in addition, it offers insights in the regulation of the hormonal system controlling food intake and energy stores in vertebrates, whose disruption causes eating disorders and obesity.
eating_disorders	polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos), the most common endocrine condition in women, is often anecdotally associated with binge eating behaviours and food cravings; however there is a paucity of research. this study aimed to report the prevalence of binge eating and food cravings and their relation to obesity risk in women with pcos. participants completed an online survey including the bulimia investigatory test, edinburgh, food cravings-trait questionnaire and the three factor eating questionnaire revised-18. the study included obese (n = 340), overweight (n = 70) and lean (n = 45) women with pcos and lean healthy women (n = 40). sixty percent of obese women with pcos were categorised with binge-eating behaviour, with 39% presenting with clinically significant behaviour. obese women with pcos presented with high mean food cravings-trait scores (131.6 +/- 28.9) that were significantly greater compared with lean (114.0 +/- 34.9) and overweight women with pcos (120.1 +/- 29.5; p < 0.001). multiple regression exploring relations between eating styles and adiposity explained 57% of the variance in binge eating symptom scores in women with pcos (f = 130.4; p < 0.001, n = 463): significant predictors were food cravings total score (beta = 0.53; p < 0.001), emotional eating score (beta = 0.18; p < 0.001), body mass index (beta = 0.11; p < 0.001) and uncontrolled eating score (beta = 0.009; p = 0.02). compared with lean healthy women, lean women with pcos exhibited significantly higher binge eating symptom scores (10.9 +/- 7.8 versus 7.4 +/- 6.0; p < 0.05), though similar total food craving scores (114.0 +/- 34.9 versus 105.6 +/- 26.6: ns). this study is the largest, to date, to robustly report that a high proportion of women with pcos exhibit binge eating behaviours. we recommend screening women with pcos for binge eating behaviours to help inform the choice of weight management approach for this clinical population. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
eating_disorders	eating disorders hold a unique place among mental health disorders, in that salient symptoms can be objectively observed and measured rather than determined only from patient interviews or subjective evaluations. because of this measurement advantage alone, evidence-based medicine would be expected there to make the most rapid strides. however, conclusions in eating disorders research, as in all medical research literature, often continue to be misleading or ambiguous. one major and long-known source of such problems is the misuse and misinterpretation of "" statistical significance"", with "" p values"" strewn throughout research papers like so much confetti, a problem that has become systemic, that is, enforced, rather than corrected, by the peer-review system. this discussion attempts to clarify the issues, and to suggest how readers might deal with this issue in processing the research literature.
eating_disorders	background: compulsive exercise (ce) has been proposed as significant in the etiology, development and maintenance of eating disorders (eds), resulting in more severe and enduring pathology. however, few studies have investigated ce longitudinally in adolescents with eds. we aimed to test if adolescents show the same associations between ce and other clinical variables as previous research has found in adults. methods: three thousand one hundred sixteen girls and 139 boys from a clinical ed database were investigated regarding prevalence and frequency of ce and its relation to psychiatric symptoms, associated features and outcome. denial of illness is common among adolescents and was therefore adjusted for. results: adjusted ce prevalence in girls was 44%, and ce was most prevalent in bulimia nervosa. as previously found in adults, those with ce scored significantly higher than non-ce on total ed severity, level of restriction and negative perfectionism. however, there were only minor differences between ce and non-ce patients on emotional distress, hyperactivity, suicidality and self-esteem. among boys, adjusted ce prevalence was 38%, and ce boys scored significantly higher than non-ce on total ed severity. initial ce did not influence 1-year outcome, although cessation of ce was associated with remission. conclusions: ce is a common clinical feature in adolescents with eds and cessation is associated with remission. when controlling for denial of illness, ce had less detrimental impact than predicted. we recommend controlling for denial in studies on ed adolescents and further exploration of classification and treatment implications of ce.
eating_disorders	background: whether gastrointestinal motor and sensory function is primary cause or secondary effect of abnormal body weight is uncertain. moreover, studies relating continuous postprandial sensations of satiation to measurable pathology are scarce. this work assessed postprandial gastrointestinal function and concurrent sensations of satiation across a wide range of body weight and after weight change. methods: patients with anorexia nervosa (an) and obesity (ob) were investigated in reference to normal weight controls (hc). an were additionally investigated longitudinally. gastric emptying, antral contractions and oro-cecal transit after ingestion of a solid meal were investigated by mri and c-13-lactose-ureide breath test. the dependency of self-reported sensations of satiation on the varying degree of stomach filling during gastric emptying was compared between groups. results: 24 an (bmi 14.4 (11.9-16.0) kg/m(2)), 16 ob (34.9 (29.6-41.5) kg/m(2)) and 20 hc (21.9 (18.9-24.9) kg/m(2)) were studied. gastric half-emptying time (t(50)) was slower in an than hc (p = 0.016) and ob (p = 0.007), and a negative association between t(50) and bmi was observed between bmi 12 and 25 kg/m(2) (p = 0.007). antral contractions and oro-cecal transit were not different. for any given gastric content volume, self-reported postprandial fullness was greater in an than in hc or ob (p < 0.001). after weight rehabilitation, t(50) in an tended to become shorter (p = 0.09) and postprandial fullness was less marked (p < 0.01). conclusions: a relationship between body weight and gastric emptying as well as self-reported feelings of satiation is present. an have slower gastric emptying and heightened visceral perception compared to hc and ob. longitudinal follow-up after weight rehabilitation in an suggests these abnormalities are not a primary feature, but secondary to other factors that determine abnormal body weight.
eating_disorders	this study provides an evaluation of group schema therapy (st) for inpatient treatment of patients with personality pathology who did not respond to previous psychotherapeutic interventions. forty-two patients were assessed pre- and posttreatment, and 35 patients were evaluated at follow-up 6 months later. the results showed a dropout rate of 35%. those who dropped out did not differ from those who completed treatment with regard to demographic and clinical variables; the only exception was that those who dropped out showed a lower prevalence of mood disorders. furthermore, intention-to-treat analyses showed a significant improvement in maladaptive schemas, schema modes, maladaptive coping styles, mental well-being, and psychological distress after treatment, and these improvements were maintained at follow-up. on the other hand, there was no significant change in experienced parenting style as self-reported by patients. changes in schemas and schema modes measured from pre- to posttreatment were predictive of general psychological distress at follow-up. overall, these preliminary findings suggest that positive treatment results can be obtained with group st-based inpatient treatment for patients who did not respond to previous psychotherapeutic interventions. moreover, these findings are comparable with treatment results for patients without such a nonresponsive treatment history.
eating_disorders	background.- iron plays an essential role in balancing the various metabolism in the body. it is also involved in the synthesis of several neurotransmitters. nutritional iron deficiency is one of the most widespread worldwide; it poses a great health challenge due to the consequences it entails. objectives.- the aim of this research study is to explore the percentage of psychiatric patients who have a deficiency in iron. in addition, the study investigates the efficacy of iron administered by oral treatment on psychiatric symptomatology among iron deficient patients. the research study utilized the martial biological results, which involved the observation of the level of iron deficiency among the outpatients of a local psychiatrist and assessor from the period of january 2012 until december 2013. methods.- out of 412 patients, 295 were women and 117 men. the age of the participants ranged from 16 to 89 years, with an average age of 45 years. the only exclusion criterion was a patient 's refusal or inability to take the prescribed iron assessment test. we considered a transferrin saturation coefficient (tsc) <30% and/or a serum ferritin level100 ng/ml. a single method was utilized in the various laboratories to analyse the blood samples to determine whether there was a deficiency in iron. only those patients with blood ferritin levels < 100 ng/ml and/or a tsc of <30% (335 patients) were subsequently given exclusively an oral iron treatment prescribed on its own or as a supplement or simultaneously with psychotropic treatment. the daily administered dose of elemental iron varied between 50 and 200 mg a day. results.- about half of the women- 145 (35.19% of the subjects)- and 15 men (3.64% of the subjects) certainly had a deficiency in iron (blood ferritin level100 ng/ml and some had tsc <= 30%, while the remaining patients' tsc was unknown because it was not measured. the results indicated that there is an iron deficiency in 198 out of 240 patients suffering mostly from mood and behavioural disorders, in 101 out of 126 patients suffering mostly from anxiety disorders, in 18 out of 27 patients suffering mostly from sleep disorders, in 14 out of 15 patients suffering mostly from delusions of persecution, and in the 4 patients suffering mostly from burn out. there was evidence of regression/remission of psychiatric symptoms in 193 responsive patients whereas the remaining 142 patients were considered non-responsive. in the responsive patient category, 37 participants were treated with just iron, 52 received iron supplemented to the initial psychotropic treatment which was not fully effective, and 104 patients were treated with iron and prescribed psychotropic drugs simultaneously. the iron treatment seems to bring about a reduction- particularly through its mono-aminergic neurotransmitter synthesis-promoting action- in hyperemotivity, anxiety, irritability, aggressiveness, sadness, anhedonia, apathy, asthenia, sleep disorders, dysautonomia symptoms, eating disorders, restless-leg syndrome, cognitive performance and the likelihood of resorting to psychiatric admission. a daily elemental iron dose intake between 50 and 200 mg/day by deficient patients appears to likely enhance the effects of the psychotropic drugs and even to act as an actual antidepressant. many patients who received a prescription for iron and antidepressants showed few side effects related to antidepressants and a small number required psychiatric hospitalization. patients considered unresponsive to iron therapy were those who left the study, were not assessed because the study 's timeframe ended, still had an iron deficiency because they did not continuously take the medication, or suffered from somatic diseases which explains their resistance to treat the low iron level (nutritional imbalance, digestive or urinary or gynecological or iatrogenic diseases, sleep apnea). conclusion.- our clinical observation of two years in a local psychiatrist 's clinic revealed that over 80% of patients had iron deficiency. although the low iron level cannot explain all physical and psychiatric symptoms in patients, it is useful to note that more than half of the iron deficient patients responded favorably after an oral treatment of iron. this result leads to further investigation of the level of iron in psychiatric patients and to reconsider the iron range placed by the laboratories. in addition, it is crucial not to eliminate the possibility of iron deficiency in psychiatric patients. further research studies are needed to set more specific and detailed criteria to determine the range of iron deficiency in order to support the findings of this study and optimize the care given to patients suffering from various disorders and psychiatric syndromes. (c) 2016 l'encephale, paris.
eating_disorders	comprehensive models, targeting the development of eating disorders (eds) in males, often employ a sociocultural perspective and empathize the importance of body dissatisfaction (bd). to further illuminate psychological factors contributing to the development of ed pathology, we propose a mediator model of disturbed eating and compensatory behavior (decb) for men. this model suggests that emotion dysregulation and the susceptibility to body-related cognitive distortions (thought-shape fusion, tsf) mediate the relationship between bd and decb. based on data from a cross-sectional online-survey we tested our model in a non-clinical community sample of young men (n=123,18-37 years). we found a significant positive association between bd and decb, accounting for participant 's body mass index (bmi), age and depressive symptoms. while tsf partially mediated the relationship between bd and decb, we did not detect a corresponding effect for emotion dysregulation. based on our findings, we concluded that tsf, which describes specific distorted cognitions with respect to one 's own body triggered by fattening/forbidden food, contributes to the pathological eating- and body-related behavior in men who are dissatisfied with their body. we suggest that tsf should be included in etiological models as a relevant aspect of cognitive information processing with emotional and behavioral consequences. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
eating_disorders	background: cigarette smoking is an important risk factor for unhealthy dieting behaviors (udbs) in youth. the role of alternative tobacco products and udb engagement has yet to be examined empirically despite concerning trends in use. this study aimed to examine udb prevalence in a u.s. geographic region- specific adolescent sample and associations with a variety of tobacco use behaviors and perceptions. methods: weighted data from the 2013 virginia youth survey were analyzed (n = 6903). udbs assessed included past 30-day fasting, diet pill use, and vomiting/laxative use. tobacco-related items were ever and past 30-day cigarette smoking, past 30-day smokeless tobacco and cigar use, and the perception that smokers have more friends. udb prevalence was recoded by the number of behaviors endorsed (0, 1, and 2+). bivariate and multinomial regression models were used to examine associations between covariates and number of udbs endorsed by gender. results: overall, nearly 16% engaged in at least one udb. fasting was most prevalent (14.2%) followed by vomiting/laxative (7.0%) and diet pill use (6.1%). across gender, ever cigarette smoking, past 30-day cigar use, and the perception that smokers have more friends were positively associated with udb engagement in relative isolation as well as in combination. conclusions: findings highlight the importance of tobacco-related factors for weight control behaviors and are the first to identify an association between udb incidence and an alternative tobacco product, cigars. this work should inform prevention efforts for tobacco use and udbs and underscores the need to address the use of any tobacco for weight control.
borderline_personality_disorder	affective instability, conceptualized as fluctuations in mood over time, has been related to ill-health and psychopathology. in this study, we examined the role of affective instability on daily pain outcomes in 70 patients with chronic pain (m-age = 49.7 years; 46 females) using an end-of-day diary. during a baseline phase, patients completed self-reported questionnaires of pain severity, pain duration, disability, depression, and anxiety. during a subsequent diary phase, patients filled out an electronic end-of-day diary over 14 consecutive days assessing daily levels of pain severity, disability, cognitive complaints, negative affect (na) and positive affect. affective instability was operationalized as the mean square of successive differences in daily mood (separately for na and positive affect), which takes into account the size of affective changes over consecutive days. results indicated that na instability was positively associated with daily disability, beyond the effects of daily pain severity. furthermore, na instability moderated the relationship between daily pain severity and daily disability and the relationship between daily pain severity and daily cognitive complaints. positive affect instability, however, showed to be unrelated to all outcomes. current findings extend previous results and reveal the putative role of affective instability on pain-related outcomes and may yield important clinical implications. indeed, they suggest that targeting na instability by improving emotion regulation skills may be a strategy to diminish disability and cognitive complaints in patients with chronic pain.
borderline_personality_disorder	suicidal behavior among u.s. military personnel persists as a significant public health issue. previous research indicates the primary motive for suicide attempts among military personnel is the desire to reduce or alleviate emotional distress, a finding that converges with studies in nonmilitary samples. much less is understood about the consequences of a first suicide attempt that could influence the occurrence of additional suicide attempts. in order to identify these contingencies, 134 active duty soldiers who had attempted suicide (n=69 first-time attempters, n=65 multiple attempters) participated in structured interviews focused on their experiences immediately following their first attempt. soldiers were more likely to have made multiple suicide attempts if they were younger at the time of their first attempt, were not admitted to a hospital or treatment program after their first attempt, or experienced emotional and psychological relief immediately afterwards. results suggest that soldiers who experience emotional and/or psychological relief immediately after their first suicide attempt or do not receive treatment are more likely to make additional suicide attempts. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
borderline_personality_disorder	background: psychiatric illness is common among young adults, but there are only a few studies examining their views about the care they receive. there is a paradigm shift towards person-centred care and, therefore, a need for patients' perspectives in the development of clinical guidelines. aim: the aim of this study was to examine the views about provided psychiatric care in a group of young adult psychiatric patients.method: this study was part of a larger study. patients between the ages of 19-29 years old (n=127) diagnosed with bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder, and/or attention deficit hyperactivity disorder were interviewed. participants answered open-ended questions concerning their views about provided psychiatric care in six different areas.result: the results were categorized into six themes: (1) wish for better diagnostic assessments, (2) dissatisfaction with treatment, (3) inadequate information, (4) lack of professional attitude, (5) feeling abandoned, and (6) satisfaction with care.conclusion: young psychiatric patients expressed a need for improvement of services that, if implemented, could make psychiatric care more person-centred.
borderline_personality_disorder	introduction: borderline personality disorder (bpd) is a common and severe mental illness. early detection is important and reliable screening instruments are required. to date, however, there has been no evidence of any specific bpd screening tool validated for the spanish-speaking population. the mclean screening instrument for borderline personality disorder (msi-bpd) is a 10-item self-report questionnaire that can detect the presence of bpd in a reliable and quick manner. the aim of the present study is the validation of the msi-bpd for its use in the spanish-speaking population. method: psychometric properties of the msi-bpd spanish version were examined in a sample of 344 participants (170 outpatients with the possible diagnosis of bpd and 174 healthy controls). results: exploratory factor analysis revealed the existence of a bi-factorial structure. the scale showed a high internal consistency (kr-20 = 0.873) and an optimal test-retest reliability (icc = 0.87). using logistic regression analyses and taking the dib-r as reference, a best cut-off of 7 was determined, obtaining a good sensitivity (0.71) and specificity (0.68). the area under the curve, was 0.742 (95% ci 0.660-0.824). the discriminant analysis showed a classification ability of 72.8%. conclusions: the spanish version of the msi-bpd has good psychometric properties as a measure for the screening of bpd. its ease and quickness of use make it valuable to detect the presence of bpd in clinical and research settings. (c) 2016 sep y sepb. published by elsevier espana, s.l.u. all rights reserved.
borderline_personality_disorder	objectives: reduced dentate gyrus volume and increased oxidative stress have emerged as potential pathophysiological mechanisms in bipolar disorder. however, the relationship between dentate gyrus volume and peripheral oxidative stress markers remains unknown. here, we examined dentate gyrus-cornu ammonis (ca) 4 volume longitudinally in patients with bipolar ii disorder (bd-ii) and healthy controls and investigated whether bd-ii is associated with elevated peripheral levels of oxidative stress. methods: we acquired high-resolution structural 3t-magnetic resonance imaging (mri) images and quantified hippocampal subfield volumes using an automated segmentation algorithm in individuals with bd-ii (n=29) and controls (n=33). the participants were scanned twice, at study inclusion and on average 2.4 years later. in addition, we measured peripheral levels of two lipid peroxidation markers (4-hydroxy-2-nonenal [4-hne] and lipid hydroperoxides [lph]). results: first, we demonstrated that the automated hippocampal subfield segmentation technique employed in this work reliably measured dentate gyrus-ca4 volume. second, we found a decreased left dentate gyrus-ca4 volume in patients and that a larger number of depressive episodes between t1 and t2 predicted greater volume decline. finally, we showed that 4-hne was elevated in bd-ii and that 4-hne was negatively associated with left and right dentate gyrus-ca4 volumes in patients. conclusions: these results are consistent with a role for the dentate gyrus in the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder and suggest that depressive episodes and elevated oxidative stress might contribute to hippocampal volume decreases. in addition, these findings provide further support for the hypothesis that peripheral lipid peroxidation markers may reflect brain alterations in bipolar disorders.
borderline_personality_disorder	background: in patients with borderline personality disorder (bpd), about 22-50% experience auditory verbal hallucinations (avh). however, the impact of these hallucinations on suicidal ideation, suicide attempts, crisis-service interventions, and hospital admissions is unknown. methods: in a cross-sectional design, data were collected with the psychotic symptom rating scales (psyrats) and the mini international neuropsychiatric interview plus, as well as from the medical records of a convenience sample of outpatients fulfilling the dsm-iv criteria for bpd. results: of the 89 included patients, 27 experienced avh. in the latter group, the presence of avh was associated with a significantly higher incidence of suicidal plans and attempts in the month prior to study participation, more hospitalisations, and a shorter interval until hospitalisation. all subscales of the psyrats correlated positively with suicide plans, while the phenomenological and emotional subscales also correlated positively with suicide attempts. moreover, higher scores on the emotional subscale were associated with more hospital admissions. conclusions: avh experienced by patients with bpd might constitute a risk factor for suicide plans and attempts, and hospitalisation. this finding emphasises that this population requires adequate clinical attention, as well as effective treatment for avh. (c) 2016 elsevier masson sas. all rights reserved.
borderline_personality_disorder	dissociative experiences, involving altered states of consciousness, have long been understood as a consequence or response to traumatic experiences, where a reduced level of consciousness may aid in survival during and after a traumatic event. indeed, the dissociative subtype of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd-ds) was added recently to the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders, 5th edition (dsm-5). dissociative symptoms are present across a host of neuropsychiatric conditions, including ptsd, psychotic spectrum illnesses, anxiety and mood disorders. transdiagnostically, the presence of dissociative symptoms is associated with a greater illness burden and reduced treatment outcomes. critically, dissociative symptoms are related to impaired performance on measures of attention, executive functioning, memory, and social cognition and may contribute to the widespread cognitive dysfunction observed across psychiatric illnesses. despite this knowledge, the relation between dissociative symptoms and reduced cognitive function remains poorly understood. here, we review the evidence linking dissociative symptoms to cognitive dysfunction across neuropsychiatric disorders. in addition, we explore two potential neurobiological mechanisms that may underlie the relation between dissociative symptoms and cognitive dysfunction in trauma-related neuropsychiatric conditions. specifically, we hypothesize that: 1) functional sensory deafferentation at the level of the thalamus, as observed in the defence cascade model of dissociation, may underlie reduced attention and arousal leading to progressive cognitive dysfunction and; 2) altered functional connectivity between key brain networks implicated in cognitive functioning may represent a critical neurobiological mechanism linking dissociative symptoms and cognitive dysfunction in patients with ptsd-ds and transdiagnostically. (c) 2016 the authors. published by elsevier ltd.
borderline_personality_disorder	background: temperament and character traits of adolescents with nonsuicidal self-injury disorder (nssi) might differentiate those-with and without comorbid borderline personality disorder (bpd). methods: participants were 57 female adolescents with nssi disorder without bpd (nssi-bpd), 14 adolescents with nssi disorder and bpd (nssi + bpd), 32 clinical controls (cc), and 64 nonclinical controls (nc). temperament and character traits were assessed with the junior temperament and character inventory, and impulsivity with the barratt impulsiveness scale and a go/nogo task. results: adolescents with nssi disorder scored significantly higher on novelty seeking and harm avoidance and lower on persistence, self-directedness, and cooperativeness than cc. the nssi + bpd group scored even higher than the nssi-bpd group on novelty seeking and harm avoidance and lower on persistence and cooperativeness (d >= 0.72). adolescents with nssi reported higher levels of impulsivity than the cc and nc group. however, this difference was not found in a go/nogo task. conclusions: the results provide further evidence for a distinct diagnostic entity of nssi disorder.
borderline_personality_disorder	basic emotion theory suggests that the effectiveness of different emotion regulation strategies vary with the intensity of the emotionally-salient stimulus. although findings from studies using healthy samples are concordant with what is proposed by theory, it is unclear whether these relationships hold true among individuals with borderline personality disorder (bpd). twenty-five individuals with bpd and 30 hcs were exposed to negative images of varying levels of emotional arousal and were instructed to either react as they normally would, distract, or use mindful awareness. self-reported negativity ratings, heart rate, and skin conductance level (scl) were monitored throughout. scl data indicated that increases in image arousal resulted in larger reductions in scl when distracting but not when implementing mindful awareness. self-report data suggested that, in hcs, the effectiveness of mindful awareness decreased to a greater extent than distraction when image arousal increased. these findings are consistent with basic emotion research and suggest that some forms of emotion regulation (distraction) are more suited to high emotion arousal contexts than others (mindful awareness) and that, compared with hcs, individuals with bpd may be more resilient to the deteriorating effectiveness of mindful awareness with respect to increasing emotional arousal. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
borderline_personality_disorder	mental health professionals are increasingly aware of the need for competence in the treatment of clients with pornography-related concerns. however, while researchers have recently sought to explore efficacious treatments for pornography-related concerns, few explorations of potential clinical judgment issues have occurred. due to the sensitive, and at times uncomfortable, nature of client disclosures of sexual concerns within therapy, therapists are required to manage their own discomfort while retaining fidelity to treatment. the present paper explores clinician examples of judgment errors that may result from feelings of discomfort, and specifically from client use of pornography. issues of potential bias, bias management techniques, and therapeutic implications are discussed.
prosocial_behavior	in germany, high prevalence rates for problematic alcohol use and problematic internet use in adolescents were reported. the objective of the present study was to identify psychopathological factors associated with these two behavior patterns. to our knowledge, this is the first investigation assessing psychopathological factors for both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use in the same sample of adolescents. we surveyed a sample of 1444 adolescents in germany regarding problematic alcohol use, problematic internet use, psychopathology and psychological well-being. we conducted binary logistic regression analyses. 5.6% of the sample showed problematic alcohol use, 4.8% problematic internet use, and 0.8% both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use. problematic alcohol use was higher in adolescents with problematic internet use compared to those without problematic internet use. conduct problems and depressive symptoms were statistically significant associated with both problematic alcohol and problematic internet use. prosocial behavior was related to problematic internet use. male gender and less peer problems were associated with problematic alcohol use. for the first time associations between adolescent problematic alcohol and problematic internet use due to common psychopathological factors were identified. however, in addition to shared factors, we found also specific psychopathological correlates associated with these two behavior patterns. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
prosocial_behavior	this paper explores the effect of video game content, context and experience on cooperative behavior over three research studies. study 1 is a cross-sectional correlation study exploring the relationship between the video game team-play frequency and pro-social behavior, study 2 is a 2 (game content: violent video game and neutral video game) x 2 (game context: single-play and team-play) design with the dependent variable being cooperative behavior and study 3 is a single factor design experiment which examines the effect of the gaming experience on cooperative behavior under a collaborative context. the main findings were that the team-play frequency had a positive correlation with pro-social behavior, and pro-social video game exposure significantly predicted pro-social behavior. collaborative play was found to significantly increase cooperation in both violent and neutral video games. however, the level of gaming experience tended to moderate the relationship between collaborative play and the level of cooperation. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
prosocial_behavior	currently teachers play an increasingly important role as informants in the context of psychological diagnostic processes. it is still uncertain how far rater agreement between students and their teachers as well as agreement between different self-report scales can be affected by specific characteristics of the students as age and gender. in a sample of n = 189 students (mean age = 13,69; sd = 2,26; age span: 9 to 18 years), it was tested if these characteristics have impact on the amount of agreement between teachers' and students' ratings concerning social and learning behavior in a regression model. secondary it was tested if the agreement between different self-report scales regarding social and learning behavior as well as prosocial behavior and psychological stress is effected by the student 's age and gender. it appears that rater agreements between girls and their teachers are larger than between boys and their teachers. possible explanations for these results are discussed.
prosocial_behavior	recently, concerns have been raised that adolescents' prolific social media use may cause them to become less empathic. however, direct empirical evidence is missing and research suggests that social media use can also be beneficial for adolescents' psychosocial development. the present study aims to investigate whether and how social media use influences empathy. we surveyed 942 dutch adolescents (10-14 years) twice, with a one-year interval. the results showed that social media use is related to an increase in cognitive and affective empathy over time. specifically, adolescents' social media use improved both their ability to understand (cognitive empathy) and share the feelings of their peers (affective empathy). (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
prosocial_behavior	drawing on norm-activation theory, this study explores the link between tourists' perceptions of the negative impacts of tourism and their perceived responsibility. a proposed theoretical framework was examined and verified through exploratory and confirmatory research processes. self-administered questionnaires were collected at two unesco world natural heritage sites in china. the findings of this research suggest that tourists' perceptions of the negative impacts of tourism positively affect their ascription of responsibility, which positively influences tourists' perceptions of responsibility. nevertheless, the accessibility of information about tourism impacts is far from enough to foster in tourists a sense of responsibility, which is important for the promotion of responsible behaviours. several practical implications are provided to address tourists' sense of responsibility, including enhancing tourists' awareness of negative tourism impacts, increasing the availability and accessibility of information about tourism impacts, and recommending behaviours for tourists to make a positive difference to destinations.
prosocial_behavior	humans exhibit extensive large-scale cooperation, of a form unprecedented in the natural world. here i suggest that this cooperation arises in our species alone because of our uniquely potent capacities for social learning, imitation and teaching, combined with the co-evolutionary feedbacks that these capabilities have generated on the human mind. culture took human populations down evolutionary pathways not available to non-cultural species, either by creating conditions that promoted established cooperative mechanisms, such as indirect reciprocity and mutualism, or by generating novel cooperative mechanisms not seen in other taxa, such as cultural group selection. in the process, gene-culture co-evolution seemingly generated an evolved psychology, comprising an enhanced ability and motivation to learn, teach, communicate through language, imitate and emulate, as well as predispositions to docility, social tolerance, and the sharing of goals, intentions and attention. this evolved psychology is entirely different from that observed in any other animal, or that could have evolved through conventional selection on genes alone.
prosocial_behavior	grandparenting has been proposed as an ultimate evolutionary mechanism that has contributed to the increase in human life expectancy (see the grandmother hypothesis). the neural and hormonal system originally rooted in parenting and thus grandparenting - that is activated in the process of caregiving has been suggested as a potential proximate mechanism that promotes engagement in prosocial behavior towards kin and non-kin alike. evidence and theory suggest that activating this caregiving system positively impacts health and may reduce the mortality of the helper. although some studies have found grandparental care to have beneficial effects on grandparents' health outcomes, most studies have focused on the detrimental health consequences of providing custodial care for grandchildren. little is known about how non-custodial grandparental and other forms of care giving relate to mortality hazards for the care provider. using an evolutionary framework, we examined whether caregiving within and beyond the family is related to mortality in older adults. survival analyses based on data from the berlin aging study revealed that mortality hazards for grandparents who provided non-custodial childcare were 37% lower than for grandparents who did not provide childcare and for non-grandparents. these associations held after controlling for physical health, age, socioeconomic status and various characteristics of the children and grandchildren. furthermore, the effect of caregiving extended to non-grandparents and to childless older adults who helped beyond their families. potential ultimate and proximate mechanisms underlying these effects are discussed. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
prosocial_behavior	the aim of this paper is to analyze what proportion of variance of prosociality and aggressiveness predicts positive emotions (joy and gratitude, serenity and personal satisfaction), empathy (perspective taking and empathic concern), and social self-efficacy. since there is abundant research showing that there are significant differences in prosocial behavior and aggression by sex it is that these separate analyzes were performed on children. the sample consisted of 221 children of both sexes (42.2 % males), 10 to 13 years (m = 11.45, dt = .80), middle class, who attended primary schools in the city of buenos aires, argentina. the results indicate that both empathy and positive emotions are involved in predicting prosocial behavior in both boys and girls. however, it seems clear that in the case of boy 's empathy has greater predictive power that positive emotions, unlike girls where both variables seem to share similar power. on the other hand, social self-efficacy predicts prosocial behavior only in girls. finally, the results indicated that both empathy and positive emotions inhibit aggressive behavior in girls only.
prosocial_behavior	sharing materials is a complex social behavior that may lead to longterm development of friendships and concomitant increases in related prosocial behaviors. given the complexities of sharing behaviors, children with social delays or deficits may not recognize when, how, and with whom to share. because children with social delays or deficits, especially those with disabilities, may not engage in typical sharing behaviors, and because these behaviors are important, identifying interventions for sharing and related social behaviors are crucial. the purpose of this review was to identify sharing interventions, evaluate methodological rigor, and assess intervention effectiveness. twenty single-case designs published in 11 articles were included. some studies reported variable results and had considerable methodological limitations. results of high-quality studies are promising and provide a foundation for future research on sharing behaviors.
prosocial_behavior	previous communication studies have focused on how media content influences human aggression. few studies, however, have been conducted regarding the influence of situational variables on human aggression. regarding online gaming, the present study examines how game users' aggression is influenced by two idiosyncratic situational variables: ""degree of control"" (playing vs. watching) and ""degree of interaction"" (alone vs. together). the feeling of presence is also examined as a mediator to explicate the mechanism through which these situational variables influence the game users' levels of aggression. the results demonstrate that degree of control significantly affects users' aggression. aggression is increased when players actively participate in the game versus simply watching; situational factors that are associated with the way people engage in interactive media cause short-term shifts in players' aggression. implications and future research directions are discussed.
false_memories	false memories commonly activate the anterior/dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (a/dlpfc) and the hippocampus. these regions are assumed to work in concert during false memories, which would predict a positive correlation between the magnitudes of activity in these regions across participants. however, the a/dlpfc may also inhibit the hippocampus, which would predict a negative correlation between the magnitudes of activity in these regions. in the present functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) study, during encoding, participants viewed abstract shapes in the left or right visual field. during retrieval, participants classified each old shape as previously in the left or right visual field followed by an unsure-sure-very sure confidence rating. the contrast of left-hits and left-misses produced two activations in the hippocampus and three activations in the left a/dlpfc. for each participant, activity associated with false memories (right-left-very sure responses) from the two hippocampal regions was plotted as a function of activity in each a/dlpfc region. across participants, for one region in the left anterior prefrontal cortex, there was a negative correlation between the magnitudes of activity in this region and the hippocampus. this suggests that the anterior prefrontal cortex might inhibit the hippocampus during false memories and that participants engage either the anterior prefrontal cortex or the hippocampus during false memories.
false_memories	rating the relevance of words for the imagined situation of being stranded in the grasslands without survival material leads to exceptionally good memory for these words. this survival processing effect has received much attention because it promises to elucidate the evolutionary foundations of memory. however, the proximate mechanisms of the survival processing effect have to be identified before informed speculations about its adaptive function are possible. here, we test and contrast 2 promising accounts of the survival processing effect. according to the 1st account, the effect is the consequence of the prioritized processing of threat-related information. according to the 2nd account, thinking about the relevance of items for survival stimulates thinking about object function, which is a particularly elaborate form of encoding. experiment 1 showed that the emotional properties of the survival scenario, as manipulated by the negative or positive framing of the scenario, did not influence recall. a focus on threat at encoding led to worse recall than a focus on function. the latter finding was replicated in experiment 2, which further showed that focusing on threat did not lead to a memory advantage over a pleasantness control condition. the beneficial effect of inducing a functional focus at encoding even surpasses that of the standard survival processing instruction. together, the results support the theory that thinking about function is an important component of the survival processing effect.
false_memories	background. the production of false memories (fms) is a normal phenomenon, which can be affected in neurodegenerative diseases such as alzheimer 's disease (ad). only few studies investigated fms in patients with dementia with lewy bodies (dlb). objective. the aim of our preliminary study was to assess fms in patients with dlb and to identify the underlying cognitive deficits influencing the production of fms in dlb and ad. methods. ten ad patients and nine dlb patients performed a memory task (free recall and recognition) coupling two paradigms, namely the drm (deese-roediger-mcdermott) paradigm, promoting the production of fms and the ""remember/know"" (r/k) paradigm, allowing to investigate the phenomenological experience during the recollection of a memory. a standard cognitive evaluation of memory, executive and instrumental functions completed the assessment. results. no fm was found in the dlb group during free recall, while the number of fms was substantially identical in both groups during recognition. however, fms differed from the phenomenological experience, with more k responses in dlb patients and more r responses in ad patients. none of the tests of the standard neuropsychological evaluation did correlate with measures of interest of fms. conclusion. in ad patients, the r responses associated with fms reflect an alteration of the source memory. in dlb patients, the critical item lead to a sense of familiarity, without recollection of the circumstances in which the item was encoded, hence the k responses. this indicates a preservation of their source memory. contrary to expectations, the type of fms in both groups was not correlated to their cognitive profile. hence, cognitive processes underlying the fms appear to be different in ad and the lbd, but fms seem independent of memory and executive abilities in these diseases.
false_memories	because of its reconstructive nature, autobiographical memory (am) is subject to a range of distortions. one distortion involves the erroneous incorporation of features from one episodic memory into another, forming what are known as memory conjunction errors. healthy aging has been associated with an enhanced susceptibility to conjunction errors for laboratory stimuli, yet it is unclear whether these findings translate to the autobiographical domain. we investigated the impact of aging on vulnerability to am conjunction errors, and explored potential cognitive processes underlying the formation of these errors. an imagination recombination paradigm was used to elicit am conjunction errors in young and older adults. participants also completed a battery of neuropsychological tests targeting relational memory and inhibition ability. consistent with findings using laboratory stimuli, older adults were more susceptible to am conjunction errors than younger adults. however, older adults were not differentially vulnerable to the inflating effects of imagination. individual variation in am conjunction error vulnerability was attributable to inhibitory capacity. an inability to suppress the cumulative familiarity of individual am details appears to contribute to the heightened formation of am conjunction errors with age.
false_memories	objective: the trauma model of dissociative identity disorder (did) posits that did is etiologically related to chronic neglect and physical and/or sexual abuse in childhood. in contrast, the fantasy model posits that did can be simulated and is mediated by high suggestibility, fantasy proneness, and sociocultural influences. to date, these two models have not been jointly tested in individuals with did in an empirical manner. method: this study included matched groups [patients (n = 33) and controls (n = 32)] that were compared on psychological trauma and fantasy measures: diagnosed genuine did (did-g, n = 17), did-simulating healthy controls (did-s, n = 16), individuals with post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd, n = 16), and healthy controls (hc, n = 16). additionally, personality-state-dependent measures were obtained for did-g and did-s; both neutral personality states (nps) and trauma-related personality states (tps) were tested. conclusion: for trauma measures, the did-g group had the highest scores, with tps higher than nps, followed by the ptsd, did-s, and hc groups. the did-g group was not more fantasy-prone or suggestible and did not generate more false memories. malingering measures were inconclusive. evidence consistently supported the trauma model of did and challenges the core hypothesis of the fantasy model.
false_memories	in this case report, a legal case revolving around the reliability of statements given by a 6-year-old girl is described. she claimed to have witnessed her mother being murdered by her father. two psychological experts provided diametrically opposed opinions about the reliability of her statements. one expert, a clinician, opined that the girl 's statements were based on autosuggestion whereas the other expert, a memory researcher, stated that autosuggestion was unlikely to have played a role. this case and the analysis of the experts' opinions illustrate what may happen when experts in court are unaware of the recent literature on (false) memory. that is, recent studies show that autosuggestion is less likely to occur in young children than in older children and adults. the current case stresses the importance and implications of relying on memory experts in cases concerning the reliability of eyewitness statements.
false_memories	we examined the mechanisms involved in the development of the easily learned, easily remembered (eler) heuristic in three groups of young children (4-5 years, 6-7 years, and 8-9 years). a trial-to-acquisition procedure was used to evaluate how much these children 's judgment of learning depended on the eler heuristic. moreover, a new experimental paradigm, composed of six phases a pretest, four training phases, and a posttest was employed to implicitly influence the validity of the eler association that underlies this metacognitive rule. results revealed that the eler heuristic develops early (4-5 years), but its use is reduced after implicit training. furthermore, executive monitoring was found to account for the smaller changes observed in older children (8-9 years) after training. from a developmental perspective, these findings present a coherent picture of children 's learning of metacognitive heuristics, wherein early automatic and implicit learning is later followed by effortful control. (c) 2014 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
false_memories	we investigated how well structural features such as note density or the relative number of changes in the melodic contour could predict success in implicit and explicit memory for unfamiliar melodies. we also analyzed which features are more likely to elicit increasingly confident judgments of ""old"" in a recognition memory task. an automated analysis program computed structural aspects of melodies, both independent of any context, and also with reference to the other melodies in the testset and the parent corpus of pop music. a few features predicted success in both memory tasks, which points to a shared memory component. however, motivic complexity compared to a large corpus of pop music had different effects on explicit and implicit memory. we also found that just a few features are associated with different rates of ""old"" judgments, whether the items were old or new. rarer motives relative to the testset predicted hits and rarer motives relative to the corpus predicted false alarms. this data-driven analysis provides further support for both shared and separable mechanisms in implicit and explicit memory retrieval, as well as the role of distinctiveness in true and false judgments of familiarity.
false_memories	prior studies with schizophrenia patients described a reduced ability to discriminate between correct and false memories in terms of confidence compared to control groups. this metamemory bias has been associated with the emergence and maintenance of delusions. the relation to neuropsychological performance and other clinical dimensions is incompletely understood. in a cross-sectional study, metamemory functioning was explored in 32 schizophrenia patients and 25 healthy controls. metamemory was assessed using a verbal recognition task combined with retrospective confidence level ratings. associations of metamemory performance with six neuropsychological domains (executive functioning/problem solving, speed of processing, working memory, verbal and visual learning, and attention/vigilance) and psychopathological measures were analyzed. results revealed a significantly smaller discrepancy between confidence ratings for correct and incorrect recognitions in the patient group. furthermore, patients showed significantly lower recognition accuracy in the metamemory task and marked deficits in all neuropsychological domains. across all participants, metamemory performance significantly correlated with executive functioning and working memory. no associations with delusions were found. this data confirms prior findings of metamemory biases in schizophrenia. selective neuropsychological abilities seem to be modulating factors of metamemory functioning. longitudinal studies in at risk mental state and first-episode patients are needed to reveal causal interrelations. (c) 2014 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
false_memories	the purposes of this study were to: (1) assess child abuse professionals' and nonprofessionals' knowledge of scientific research findings that are relevant to forensic child sexual abuse (csa) evaluations and (2) describe associations between child abuse professionals' levels of research knowledge and their education and experience. an 18-item multiple-choice test was administered to 188 child abuse professionals and 457 nonprofessionals (undergraduate college students) in brazil and the united states. the nonprofessionals' average percent correct, m=44%, was not significantly different than what would be expected for random guessing (45%). the professionals' average percent correct, m=55%, was higher than that of nonprofessionals and random guessing (both ps<.001). the average percent correct score for the us-sample psychologists, m= 76%, was higher than the average score of the other professionals, m= 51%, p<.001. professionals' educational level, as measured by the highest academic degree obtained, was positively associated with percent correct scores, spearman 's rho=.46, p<.001. controlling for educational attainment, professional experience, as measured by the total number of csa evaluations performed, was weakly associated with percent correct scores, partial r=.15, p=.04. percent correct scores were low for both nonprofessionals and professionals. most of the participants in this study were uninformed or misinformed about scientific research findings that are important for conducting optimal forensic csa evaluations and for making accurate judgments about the validity of sexual abuse allegations. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
problem-solving	there is growing interest in the description of short-lived patterns in the spatiotemporal cortical activity monitored via neuroimaging. most traditional analysis methods, designed to estimate relatively long-term brain dynamics, are not always appropriate to capture these patterns. here we introduce a novel data-driven approach for detecting short-lived fmri brain activity patterns. exploiting density peak clustering (rodriguez and laio [2014]), our approach reveals well localized clusters by identifying and grouping together voxels whose time-series are similar, irrespective of their brain location, even when very short time windows (similar to 10 volumes) are used. the method, which we call coherence density peak clustering (cdpc), is first tested on simulated data and compared with a standard unsupervised approach for fmri analysis, independent component analysis (ica). cdpc identifies activated voxels with essentially no false-positives and proves more reliable than ica, which is troubled by a number of false positives comparable to that of true positives. the reliability of the method is demonstrated on real fmri data from a simple motor task, containing brief iterations of the same movement. the clusters identified are found in regions expected to be involved in the task, and repeat synchronously with the paradigm. the methodology proposed is especially suitable for the study of short-time brain dynamics and single trial experiments, where the event or task of interest cannot be repeated for the same subject, as happens, for instance, in problem-solving, learning and decision-making. a gui implementation of our method is available for download at https://github.com/micheleallegra/cdpc. (c) 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
problem-solving	a vast number of problem solving frameworks have been established in the realms of management, business, mathematics, healthcare, aerospace, law and etcetera towards facilitating effective decision making in normative form in particular. it was learnt that those problem solving frameworks are originated mainly from practical exercises of practitioners and/or improvement/revision of an earlier frameworks. against this bottom-up approach in the establishment of problem solving frameworks, this paper continues promoting the establishment of a problem solving framework following top-down approach by synthesizing the deductive inference i.e., the second inference process of pragmatism 's scientific method. the synthesis has resulted in the identification of the decision sub-processes of pragmatism 's deductive inference namely analysis and demonstration. this paper posits that these two decision processes are aligned with both the key and strategies of the decision processes of the renowned problem solving frameworks in practice in management, business, mathematics, healthcare and law and hence, the decision processes of deductive inference in particular and pragmatism 's philosophical method in general is an alternative for decision making processes and problem solving frameworks following the top-down approach.
problem-solving	purpose - the purpose of this paper is to provide an overview of human resource development (hrd) education in middle eastern countries. in particular, the authors discuss the current state of hrd education, country readiness and challenges that hinder hrd progress in middle eastern countries. they argue that hrd programs need to prepare young employees for leadership roles through adapting constructivist pedagogy, including problem-solving, critical thinking and creativity. design/methodology/approach - the design of this paper followed a qualitative approach. the authors conducted in-depth interviews with five hrd experts in middle eastern countries and conducted integrative literature review and secondary data analysis. findings -data analysis provided an overview of hrd education, looked at options individuals interested in hrd education might have, provided views on constructivism vs instructivism as education pedagogies and discussed cultural factors that impede critical reflection in the workplace. research limitations/implications - to understand how to introduce constructivist elements to instructivist learning cultures, and to sustain it, hrd scholars in the middle eastern countries need to diminish the misalignment between instructional philosophies of trainers, trainees and national or institutional systems. practical implications - understanding how policy, resources, infrastructure and culture influence learning expectations is vital to introducing innovative training activities or scaling them up to other workshops and systems. originality/value - this research sheds light on hrd education in the middle eastern countries; provides an overview of employment challenges and opportunities to improve workplace learning; and provides scholars, practitioners and other stakeholders interested in hrd with suggestions to develop successful workforce education.
problem-solving	sugars are the most stereochemically intricate family of biomolecules and present substantial challenges to anyone trying to understand their nomenclature, reactions or branched structures. current crystallographic programs provide an abstraction layer allowing inexpert structural biologists to build complete protein or nucleic acid model components automatically either from scratch or with little manual intervention. this is, however, still not generally true for sugars. the need for carbohydrate-specific building and validation tools has been highlighted a number of times in the past, concomitantly with the introduction of a new generation of experimental methods that have been ramping up the production of protein-sugar complexes and glycoproteins for the past decade. while some incipient advances have been made to address these demands, correctly modelling and refining carbohydrates remains a challenge. this article will address many of the typical difficulties that a structural biologist may face when dealing with carbohydrates, with an emphasis on problem solving in the resolution range where x-ray crystallography and cryo-electron microscopy are expected to overlap in the next decade.
problem-solving	objective: to compare perception of students on usefulness of interactive tutorials and clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials. methods: the cross-sectional study was carried out from january 2012 to november 2013 at bahria university medical and dental college, karachi. the perception of medical students on usefulness of interactive tutorials and clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials was acquired through a questionnaire distributed to medical students having completed the first two years of studies. the responses on various aspects of learning of physiology were acquired on a scale of poor, good or excellent. the learning abilities and acquired skills were compared in terms of not at all, to some extent, and to great extent. data was analysed using spss 15. results: of the hundred students initially enrolled, complete response was obtained from 83(83%). of them, 47(57%) were females. there was significant difference in understanding of structure and function by clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials (p=0.04). the students preferred clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials as far as understating of difficult concepts was concerned (p < 0.01). presentation skills were improved by interactive tutorials (p=0.02) whereas clinical reasoning skills acquired by clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials was found to be significantly better (p < 0.05). both tutorials helped in the learning of content of physiology. conclusion: clinical reasoning skills were acquired more by clinically-oriented problem-solving tutorials that helped in better understanding of structure and functions.
problem-solving	governance silos are settings in which different organizations work in isolation and avoid sharing information and strategies. siloes are a fundamental challenge for environmental planning and problem solving, which generally requires collaboration. siloes can be overcome by creating governance networks. studying the structure and function of these networks is important for understanding how to create institutional arrangements that can respond to the biophysical dynamics of a specific natural resource system (i.e., social-ecological, or institutional fit). using the case of salmon restoration in a sub basin of puget sound, usa, we assess network integration, considering three different reasons for network collaborations (i.e., mandated, funded, and shared interest relationships) and analyze how these different collaboration types relate to productivity based on practitioner 's assessments. we also illustrate how specific and targeted network interventions might enhance the network, to do so, we use a mixed methods approach that combines quantitative social network analysis (sna) and qualitative interview analysis. overall, the sub-basin 's governance network is fairly well integrated, but several concerning gaps exist. funded, mandated, and shared interest relationships lead to different network patterns. mandated relationships are associated with lower productivity than shared interest relationships, highlighting the benefit of genuine collaboration in collaborative watershed governance. lastly, quantitative and qualitative data comparisons strengthen recent calls to incorporate geographic space and the role of individual actors versus organizational culture into natural resource governance research using sna. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
problem-solving	persons with intellectual disability are a group at risk of being exposed to overly demanding problem-solving situations, which may produce learned helplessness. the research was based on the informational model of learned helplessness.the consequences of exposure to an unsolvable task and the ability to recognize the symptoms of cognitive exhaustion were tested in 120 students with mild intellectual disability. after the exposure to the unsolvable task, persons in the experimental group obtained lower results than the control group in the escape/avoidance learning task, but a similar result was found in the divergent thinking fluency task. also, participants in the experimental group had difficulties recognizing the symptoms of the cognitive exhaustion state. after a week 's time, the difference in escape/avoidance learning performance was still observed. the results indicate that exposure to unsolvable tasks may negatively influence the cognitive performance in persons with intellectual disability, although those persons may not identify the cognitive state related to lowered performance.
problem-solving	according to evidence from recent decades, multicomponent programs of psychological intervention in people with chronic pain have reached the highest levels of efficacy. however, there are still many questions left to answer since efficacy has mainly been shown among upper-middle class patients in english-speaking countries and in controlled studies, with expert professionals guiding the intervention and with a limited number of domains of painful experience evaluated. for this study, a program of multicomponent psychological intervention was implemented: (a) based on techniques with empirical evidence, but developed in spain; (b) at a public primary care center; (c) among patients with limited financial resources and lower education; (d) by a novice psychologist; and (e) evaluating all domains of painful experience using the instruments recommended by the initiative on methods, measurement, and pain assessment in clinical trials (immpact). the aim of this study was to evaluate this program. we selected a consecutive sample of 40 patients treated for chronic non-cancer pain at a primary care center in utrera (seville, spain), adults who were not in any employment dispute, not suffering from psychopathology, and not receiving psychological treatment. the patients participated in 10 psychological intervention sessions, one per week, in groups of 13-14 people, which addressed psychoeducation for pain; breathing and relaxation; attention management; cognitive restructuring; problem-solving; emotional management; social skills; life values and goal setting; time organization and behavioral activation; physical exercise promotion; postural and sleep hygiene; and relapse prevention. in addition to the initial assessment, measures were taken after the intervention and at a 6-month follow-up. we assessed the program throughout the process: before, during and after the implementation. results were analyzed statistically (significance and effect size) and from a clinical perspective (clinical significance according to immpact standards). according to this analysis, the intervention was successful, although improvement tended to decline at follow-up, and the detailed design gave the program assessment a high degree of standardization and specification. finally, suggestions for improvement are presented for upcoming applications of the program.
problem-solving	utilizing qualitative data gleaned from focus groups with adolescent girls participating in a cybersecurity summer program (n=38, mean age=16.3), this study examines the following research questions: (a) how do adolescent girls perceive the cybersecurity field? (b) what are the promising practices that engage girls in cybersecurity education? guided by ecological and social role theories, findings reveal that single-sex collaborative settings with encouraging and supportive teachers and female mentors are practices that contribute to girls' increased interest in the field of cybersecurity. findings also suggest that an emphasis on creative and collaborative problem-solving processes and the real-world application inherent to cybersecurity are likely to increase girls' engagement in the field. results have implications for educators, researchers, and policy makers aiming to close gender gaps in the field of computer science and build interest in cybersecurity, an area of critical national need.
problem-solving	despite much attention including national initiatives, concerns remain about the approaches to managing behavior symptoms and psychiatric conditions across all settings, including in long-term care settings such as nursing homes and assisted living facilities. one key reason why problems persist is because most efforts to ""reform"" and ""correct"" the situation have failed to explore or address root causes and instead have promoted inadequate piecemeal ""solutions."" further improvement requires jumping off the bandwagon and rethinking the entire issue, including recognizing and applying key concepts of clinical reasoning and the care delivery process to every situation. the huge negative impact of cognitive biases and rote approaches on related clinical problem solving and decision making and patient outcomes also must be addressed. (c) 2017 amda - the society for post-acute and long-term care medicine.
prejudice	existing studies have found that restaurant servers sometimes deliver service that is informed by their customers' race. however, we know considerably less about the causes underlying such discriminatory behaviors within the restaurant context. in this study, we advance this literature by analyzing data derived from a survey of restaurant servers (n = 195) to assess the effects of working in a racialized workplace environment, characterized by racist and stereotypical discourse, on servers' reports of providing race-based service. our findings reveal a strong statistically significant positive relationship between observing racialized workplace discourse and servers' self-professed discriminatory behaviors. furthermore, we find that these effects are not mediated or moderated by servers' willingness to participate in the discursive spreading of racial stereotypes by discussing their customers' race with peers. we conclude by identifying suggestions that restaurant leaders might consider to reduce racial discrimination within the restaurant industry.
prejudice	this study examines the factorial invariance of the scale on beliefs about children 's adjustment in same-sex families (sbcassf) across countries in three samples: chilean, spanish, and hispanic university students. the scale analyzes attitudes toward the consequences of the rearing and education of children by parents with a homosexual sexual orientation. the instrument consists of two subscales: individual opposition and normative opposition. the spanish sample is composed of 199 university students, the chilean sample is made up of 279 students, and the hispanic sample consists of 114 students. the results provide empirical evidence for the reliability of the sbcassf in the samples from the countries and its factorial invariance (strict invariance). results are also provided about differences between countries and by sex. the sbcassf could be a potentially useful measure for educators, psychologists, and other mental health professionals who wish to study beliefs about the child-rearing practices of same-sex parents.
prejudice	there are clear and compelling racial disparities in access to renal transplant, which is the therapy of choice for many patients with end stage renal disease. this paper conceptualizes the role of racism (i.e., internalized, personally-mediated, and institutionalized) in creating and perpetuating these disparities at multiple levels of the social ecology by integrating two often-cited theories in the literature. internalized racism is manifested at the intrapersonal level when, for example, african american patients devalue their self-worth, thereby not pursuing the most aggressive treatment available. personally-mediated racism is manifested at the interpersonal level when, for example, physicians exhibit unconscious race bias that impacts their treatment decisions. one example of institutionalized racism being manifested at the institutional, community, and public policy levels is the long-standing existence of racial residential segregation and empirically established links between neighborhood racial composition and dialysis facility-level transplantation rates. this paper concludes with clinical, research, and policy recommendations.
prejudice	objectives: based on the premise that internalized homonegativity (ih) is a product of the incorporation of environmental heterosexism, the authors examined the influence of sociopolitical and individual influences on ih. methods: the cross-sectional study consisted of 109,382 gay and bisexual men across 77 countries. results: variables at the (european) country-level that were associated with higher levels of ih included lack of laws recognizing same-sex relationships and perceived and actual negative gay-related public opinion about homosexuals. individual-level variables significantly associated with ih were public opinion about homosexuals and exposure to gay-related victimization/discrimination. conclusions: an improved sociopolitical climate for lgb individuals is needed.
prejudice	we investigated the effects of different perspective taking instructions on emotional variables in the context of intergroup reconciliation. in three experiments we found that individual-level and group-level perspective taking increased willingness to compensate an outgroup for historical transgressions of the ingroup. the data suggests that the two forms of perspective taking trigger different psychological processes. individual-level perspective taking was more strongly linked to feelings of empathy. group-level perspective taking increased feelings of collective guilt. collective guilt mediated the positive effect of group-level perspective taking on willingness to compensate. no such effect was found for individual-level perspective taking.
prejudice	the global increase in cultural and religious diversity has led to calls for toleration of group differences to achieve intergroup harmony. although much social-psychological research has examined the nature of stereotyping, prejudice, and discrimination, and its impact on targets of these biases, little research has examined the nature and impact of toleration for intergroup relations. toleration does not require that people give up their objections to out-group norms and practices but rather mutual accommodation. integrating research from various social sciences, we explore the nature of intergroup tolerance including its three components objection, acceptance, and rejection while drawing out its implications for future social psychological research. we then explore some psychological consequences to social groups that are the object of toleration. by doing so, we consider the complex ways in which intergroup tolerance impacts both majority and minority groups and the dynamic interplay of both in pluralistic societies.
prejudice	background: past scholarly efforts to describe and measure the stigma surrounding suicide have largely viewed suicide stigma from the perspective of the general public. aims: in the spirit of community-based participatory research (cbpr), the current study brought together a diverse stakeholder team to qualitatively investigate the suicide stigma as experienced by those most intimately affected by suicide. method: seven focus groups (n = 62) were conducted with suicide attempt survivors, family members of those who died by suicide, and suicide loss therapists. results: themes were derived for stereotypes (n = 30), prejudice (n = 3), and discrimination (n = 4). people who attempted suicide were seen as attention-seeking, selfish, incompetent, emotionally weak, and immoral. participants described personal experiences of prejudice and discrimination, including those with health professionals. conclusion: participants experienced public stigma, self-stigma, and label avoidance. analyses reveal that the stigma of suicide shares similarities with stereotypes of mental illness, but also includes some important differences. attempt survivors may be subject to double stigma, which impedes recovery and access to care.
prejudice	this study undertakes an empirical exploration of attitudes towards tax evasion and welfare fraud in new zealand. prior research indicates that society has different attitudes towards these two crimes. however, it is not known why this is the case, particularly as both crimes are conceptually similar. the study has two aims. the first is to measure the extent to which society views tax evasion and welfare fraud differently in new zealand. the second, and primary, objective of this research is to offer an explanation for why different views exist. the dual-process model, using social dominance orientation and right-wing authoritarianism is used for analytical purposes. responses from 1500 survey participants show that new zealanders do have different attitudes towards welfare fraud and tax evasion. in contrast to previous research findings, this study shows that harsher attitudes are held towards tax evasion than welfare fraud. education and income level provide the greatest level of significance in explaining attitudes towards welfare fraud; and age and income source provide the greatest level of significance in explaining attitudes towards tax evasion.
prejudice	the present study examined legal perceptions of lesbian intimate partner violence (ipv) in an experimental context. undergraduate women and men from the southeastern united states (n = 217) read a trial summary in which the defendant was charged with physically assaulting her same-sex partner. the trial varied as to whether the victim and defendant were depicted via images as either feminine or masculine. participants rendered verdicts and made judgments about the victim and defendant (e.g., credibility). results indicated that the victim 's and defendant 's masculine or feminine appearance affected these judgments. female participants viewed a masculine victim as more credible than a feminine victim when the defendant was masculine. when the victim was masculine, they viewed a masculine defendant as more responsible for the victim 's injuries than a feminine defendant. male participants had higher sympathy for a masculine versus feminine victim overall, but had more anger toward a masculine defendant versus a feminine defendant accused of assaulting a feminine victim. finally, fewer participants mentioned the defendant 's history of violence as a reason for a guilty of felony verdict for a feminine victim with a feminine defendant versus all other combinations of victim and defendant masculine/feminine appearance. results are discussed in terms of gender stereotypes influencing legal decision-making in ipv cases among lesbian couples.
prejudice	we introduce a heuristic called pseudocontingencies (pcs) as an alternative account of various stereotyping phenomena. pcs give rise to the expectation that attributes are correlated based solely on asymmetries in attribute base rates. attributes that are encountered frequently and attributes that are encountered rarely are perceived to be correlated with each other. such differences in information densities are typical of many stereotyped targets, including the self vs. others, the in-group vs. out-groups and majority vs. minority groups. evidence is reviewed for pcs underlying illusory correlations, confirmation biases, gender stereotypes, simpson 's paradox, and in procedures used for implicit stereotype measurement. pcs are shown to predict specific patterns of self-enhancement and self-depreciation, the effects of intergroup contact on in-group biases and the readiness to infer stereotypes from aggregated ""big-data"". although pcs can lead to seriously flawed stereotypic expectations, they afford an efficient and possibly adaptive inference strategy.
antisocial_personality_disorder	around half the inmates in prison institutions have antisocial personality disorder (aspd). a recent theory has proposed that a dysfunction of the endogenous opioid system (eos) underlies the neurobiology of borderline personality disorder (bpd). in the present theoretical paper, based on a comprehensive database and hand search of the relevant literature, this hypothesis is extended to aspd, which may be the predominant expression of eos dysfunction in men, while the same pathology underlies bpd in women. according to evidence from human and animal studies, the problematic behaviours of persons with antisocial, callous, or psychopathic traits may be seen as desperate, unconscious attempts to stimulate their deficient eos, which plays a key role in brain reward circuits. if the needs of this system are not being met, the affected persons experience dysphoric mood, discomfort, or irritability, and strive to increase binding of endogenous opioids to receptors by using the rewarding effects of aggression by exertion of physical or manipulative power on others, by abusing alcohol or substances that have the reward system as target, by creating an endorphin rush by self-harm, by increasing the frequency of their sexual contacts, or by impulsive actions and sensation seeking. symptoms associated with aspd can be treated with opioid antagonists like naltrexone, naloxone, or nalmefene. copyright (c) 2015 john wiley & sons, ltd.
antisocial_personality_disorder	currently, psychopathy and related terms such as antisocial personality disorder are popular yet problematic constructs within forensic psychology and other disciplines. psychopathy is traced typically to the works of pinel and prichard in the early 19(th) century, and it has even been linked to biblical passages, although there appears to be little or no support for the latter claim. the first use of the term psychopathy in german psychiatry of the mid-19(th) century referred only to psychological disturbance in general, or personality diseases', although german psychiatrists such as kraepelin did propose more specific definitions of the term related to social deviance. our modern understanding of psychopathy as a psychiatric disorder of an undetermined genetic origin involving antisocial elements and a lack of feeling or concern for others owes much to the clinical work and writings of cleckley. antisocial personality disorder appears similarly to derive from the work of psychiatric nosologists like kraepelin and schneider, while sociopathy is due more to the work of partridge in the 1920s and 1930s.
antisocial_personality_disorder	purpose - the purpose of this paper is to explore the different clinical features of pathological demand avoidance (pda) and antisocial personality disorder (aspd) presented in the form of a single case study. the study highlights the potential of misdiagnosis and conceptual confusions to practitioners in forensic settings between the two conditions when working with offenders with personality disorders. design/methodology/approach - a case formulation using the ""five ps"" method based on the personal history of an incarcerated male is presented and the clinical similarities and differences between pda and aspd are delineated. these differences and similarities are evaluated and applied to offender management including intervention options. findings - there are considerable similarities between aspd and pda making the two conditions difficult to separate. both diagnostic criteria identify childhood behavioural problems, aggression, destructiveness, conduct disorder (cd), manipulation and non-compliance as indications of the disorder. for example, the criteria for later adult aspd are the presence of childhood antisocial behaviour and cd. however, these behaviours may also be suggestive of the attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and non-compliance that are part of pda. violent behaviours and aggression can also be perceived in a similar way. misdiagnosis of pda as aspd reduces the efficiency of treatment programmes. originality/value - the implications of these findings could prove useful in the successful risk management of offenders with pda. given the similar behavioural characteristics between pda and aspd, the prevalence of pda among offenders may be higher than observed. the aim of this study is to raise awareness of potential conceptual complications and clinical confusions between the two conditions with a view to aid offender management through case formulation. a large scale study into offenders with pda would draw attention to the prevalence of the condition as well as its association with offending behaviour.
antisocial_personality_disorder	objective: to identify subgroups of forensic psychiatric patients based on the age onset of serious mental illness and offending and assess the external validity of the subgroups with theoretically based sociodemographic, clinical, legal and risk-related variables. method: the age onset of serious mental illness and criminal contact was ascertained for a sample of 232 patients. a range of sociodemographic, clinical, legal and risk-related variables were coded to assess whether age onset subgroups differed in a manner consistent with the literature on typologies of mentally ill offenders. results: one-quarter of the sample was classified as early starters (patients whose first offense occurred before becoming mentally ill), while two-thirds were late starters (where first offense occurred following illness onset). a small percentage (8%) of patients were deemed late late starters, defined as late starters who had experienced 10+ years of illness and were >37years upon first arrest. a larger proportion of early starters had a substance use disorder, antisocial personality disorder and a greater number of static/historical risk factors for violence. early starters were younger upon first arrest and had more previous criminal contacts compared to late starters and late late starters. mental illness was found to start later in life for late late starters; this group was also more likely to have been married and to have a spouse as victim in the index offense. conclusion: we found support for distinct subgroups of mentally ill offenders based on the age onset of illness and criminal contact. compared to late starters, offenses committed by early starters may be motivated more frequently by antisocial lifestyle and attitudes, as well as more instrumental behaviors related to substance abuse. in addition, late late starters may represent a distinct third subgroup within late starters, characterized by relatively higher levels of functioning and social stability; future work should replicate. findings suggest different rehabilitation needs of the subgroups.
antisocial_personality_disorder	background: people in treatment for substance use disorder commonly have comorbid personality disorders, including antisocial personality disorder. little is known about treatments that specifically address comorbid antisocial personality disorder. methods: self-rated help received for antisocial personality disorder was assessed during follow-ups at 3, 9 and 15 months post-randomization of a randomized trial of psychoeducation for people with comorbid substance use and antisocial personality disorder (n = 175). results: randomization to psychoeducation was associated with increased perceived help for antisocial personality disorder. perceived help for antisocial personality disorder was in turn associated with more days abstinent and higher treatment satisfaction at the 3-month follow-up, and reduced risk of dropping out of treatment after the 3-month follow-up, and perceived help mediated the effects of random assignment on days abstinent at 3-month. follow-up. conclusions: brief psychoeducation for antisocial personality disorder increased patients' self-rated help for antisocial personality disorder in substance abuse treatment, and reporting having received help for antisocial personality disorder was in turn associated with better short-term outcomes, e.g., days abstinent, dropout from treatment and treatment satisfaction.
antisocial_personality_disorder	psychopathy research is plagued by an enigma: psychopaths reliably act immorally, but they also accurately report whether an action is morally wrong. the current study revealed that cooperative suppressor effects and conflicting subsets of personality traits within the construct of psychopathy might help explain this conundrum. among a sample of adult male offenders (n = 100) who ranked deserved punishment of crimes, psychopathy checklist-revised (pcl-r) total scores were not linearly correlated with deserved punishment task performance. however, these null results masked significant opposing associations between task performance and factors of psychopathy: the pcl-r interpersonal/affective (i.e., manipulative and callous) factor was positively associated with task performance, while the pcl-r social deviance (i.e., impulsive and antisocial) factor was simultaneously negatively associated with task performance. these relationships were qualified by a significant interaction where the interpersonal/affective traits were positively associated with task performance when social deviance traits were high, but social deviance traits were negatively associated with task performance when interpersonal/affective traits were low. this interaction helped reveal a significant nonlinear relationship between pcl-r total scores and task performance such that individuals with very low or very high pcl-r total scores performed better than those with middle-range pcl-r total scores. these results may explain the enigma of why individuals with very high psychopathic traits, but not other groups of antisocial individuals, usually have normal moral judgment in laboratory settings, but still behave immorally, especially in contexts where social deviance traits have strong influence.
antisocial_personality_disorder	in the present study, operationally defined aggressive behavior of 6 males with antisocial personality disorder (aspd) was measured following acute intranasal oxytocin dosing (12, 24, and 48 international units) and placebo, using a well-validated laboratory task of human aggression (point subtraction aggression paradigm, or psap). the psap provides participants with concurrently available monetary-earning and operationally defined aggressive response options, maintained by fixed ratio schedules of consequences. shifts in response rates and interresponse time (irt) distributions were observed on the aggressive response option following oxytocin doses, relative to placebo. few changes were observed in monetary-reinforced responding. however, across participants the direction and magnitude of changes in aggressive responding were not systematically related to dose. no trends were observed between psychometric or physiological data and oxytocin dosing or aggressive behavior. while this report is to our knowledge the first to examine the acute effects of oxytocin in this population at high risk for violence and other forms of antisocial behavior, several limitations in the experimental design and the results cast the study as a preliminary report. strategies for more extensive future projects are discussed.
antisocial_personality_disorder	this study tested the predictive value of attentional bias, emotion recognition, automatic associations, and response inhibition, in the assessment of in-clinic violent incidents. sixty-nine male forensic patients participated and completed an emotional stroop to measure attentional bias for threat and aggression, a single target - implicit association task to assess automatic associations, a graded emotional recognition task to measure emotion recognition, and an affective go/nogo to measure response inhibition. violent incidents were derived from patient files and scored on severity level. the predictive value of level of psychopathy was tested with the psychopathy checklist - revised (pcl-r). generalized linear mixed model analyses showed that increased attention towards threat and aggression, difficulty recognizing sad faces and factor 2 of the pcl-r predicted the sum of violent incidents. specifically, verbal aggression was predicted by increased attention towards threat and aggression, difficulty to recognize sad and happy faces, and pcl-r factor 2; physical aggression by decreased response inhibition, higher pcl-r factor 2 and lower pcl-r factor 1 scores; and aggression against property by difficulty recognizing angry faces. findings indicate that cognitive tasks could be valuable in predicting aggression, thereby extending current knowledge on dynamic factors predicting aggressive behavior in forensic patients. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
antisocial_personality_disorder	offenders with antisocial personality disorder (aspd) may be characterized by a lack in emotional functioning that manifests in irritability and a lack of remorse. the proposed link between aspd and negative emotionality led to the question of emotional processing anomalies in aspd. furthermore, the effect of childhood maltreatment/abuse on emotional processing was tested in the present study. violent and sexual offenders with aspd (n=35), without aspd (n=34), and healthy non-criminal controls (n=24) were compared in an emotional stroop task (est) using neutral, negative, and violence-related words. secondary analyses focused on the effect of psychopathic traits and childhood maltreatment. offenders with aspd showed a stronger attentional bias to violence-related and negative words as compared to controls. comparable results were obtained when grouping offenders to high, medium, and low psychopathic subgroups. offenders with childhood maltreatment specifically showed stronger violence-related attentional bias than non-maltreated offenders. the data suggest that enhanced attention to violence-related stimuli in adult criminal offenders is associated with adverse developmental experiences and delinquency but to a lesser extent with antisocial or psychopathic traits. (c) 2012 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
antisocial_personality_disorder	domestic homicide is the most extreme form of domestic violence and one of the most common types of homicide. the objective was to examine differences between spontaneous domestic homicide and nondomestic homicide offenders regarding demographics, psychiatric history, crime characteristics, and neuropsychological status, utilizing neuropsychological test data from forensic examinations of 153 murderers. using standard crime classification criteria, 33% committed spontaneous domestic homicides (sdh) and 61% committed nondomestic homicides (ndh). sdh offenders were more likely to manifest psychotic disorders, but less likely to be diagnosed with antisocial personality disorder or to have prior felony convictions. sdh offenders manifested significantly worse neuropsychological impairments than ndh offenders. the mean number of victims was lower for the sdh than the ndh group and only 14% of sdh offenders used a firearm, whereas 59% of ndh offenders used a firearm. these findings corroborate the notion that spontaneous domestic homicide may represent a discernible criminological phenotype.
nonverbal_communication	the phenotype of cyclin-dependent kinase-like 5 (cdkl5) syndrome includes rett syndrome variant with early onset seizures, early onset epileptic encephalopathy; and severe developmental delay. autistic features have often been reported in literature, but detailed reports of the behavior of these individuals are lacking. we describe the clinical picture of a girl aged 15 years 9 months affected by cdkl5 syndrome, with special attention to the neurobehavioral phenotype. the evaluation showed, apart from a profound intellectual disability, the presence of atypical features of behavior, mainly in relating to people, in imitation, and in verbal and nonverbal communication, thus justifying the diagnosis of comorbid autism spectrum disorder. a formal assessment of the behavior, through appropriate tools, is necessary to choose the most appropriate rehabilitative intervention and to characterize in more detail the cdkl5 syndrome phenotype. we propose a testing protocol for the neurobehavioral assessment of these patients.
nonverbal_communication	whereas the question of verbal versus nonverbal primacy has gained intensive interest, considerably less attention has been devoted to parental response to children 's verbal/nonverbal incongruence. this study comprehensively analyzed parental responses to children 's incongruence during mutual interactions. parent-child interactions (n = 160) in structured joint game sequences were filmed in their homes and analyzed using a mixed multivariate design. unexpectedly, parents related almost equally to verbal and nonverbal channels. the analysis of a wide range of social and situational contexts, including child 's sex, parent 's sex, ses, and task difficulty, highlighted their significant effects and delineated the contexts that activated verbal primacy, nonverbal primacy, and incongruent responses. this study provides a composite theoretical framework for the relative dominance of verbal versus nonverbal communication.
nonverbal_communication	socio-motor improvisation is defined as the creative action of two or more people without a script or anticipated preparation. it is evaluated through two main parameters: movement synchronization and movement richness. experts in art (e.g., dance, theater or music) are known to exhibit higher synchronization and to perform richer movements during interpersonal improvisation, but how these competences evolve over time is largely unknown. in the present study, we investigated whether performing more synchronized and richer movements over time can promote the acquisition of improvisation. pairs of novice participants were instructed to play an improvisation mirror game in three different sessions. between sessions, they performed an unintended interpersonal coordination task in which synchronization and richness were manipulated, resulting in four different groups of dyads. our results demonstrate that synchronization during improvisation improved for all groups whereas movement richness only enhanced for dyads that performed synchronized movements during unintended coordination tasks. our findings suggest that movement synchrony contributes more than movement richness to the acquisition of socio-motor improvisation in the mirror game. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
nonverbal_communication	human body odor is a source of important social information. in this study, we explore whether the sex of an individual can be established based on smelling axillary odor and whether exposure to male and female odors biases chemosensory and social perception. in a double-blind, pseudo-randomized application, 31 healthy normosmic heterosexual male and female raters were exposed to male and female chemosignals (odor samples of 27 heterosexual donors collected during a cardio workout) and a no odor sample. recipients rated chemosensory samples on a masculinity-femininity scale and provided intensity, familiarity and pleasantness ratings. additionally, the modulation of social perception (gender neutral faces and personality attributes) and affective introspection (mood) by male and female chemosignals was assessed. male and female axillary odors were rated as rather masculine, regardless of the sex of the donor. as opposed to the masculinity bias in the odor perception, a femininity bias modulating social perception appeared. a facilitated femininity detection in gender neutral faces and personality attributes in male and female chemosignals appeared. no chemosensory effect on mood of the rater was observed. the results are discussed with regards to the use of male and female chemosignals in affective and social communication.
nonverbal_communication	this paper examines the impact of nonverbal expressions of power by organizational spokespersons during different crisis stages. study 1 investigates how vocal nonverbal cues express power during crises and how this affects perceptions of spokespersons. the results illustrate that a spokesperson who speaks with a lowered voice pitch, which expresses power, appears more competent than one with a raised voice pitch. study 2 examines the moderating influence of crisis stage on the impact of visual nonverbal cues. during a crisis, powerful nonverbal behaviors minimize reputational damage through an increase in perceived competence of the spokesperson. in the aftermath of a crisis, powerless nonverbal behaviors positively affect the organizational reputation through an intermediate effect on perceived sincerity of the spokesperson.
nonverbal_communication	objective: the aim of this study was to examine eye gaze patterns between patients and physicians while electronic health records were used to support patient care. background: eye gaze provides an indication of physician attention to patient, patient/physician interaction, and physician behaviors such as searching for information and documenting information. methods: a field study was conducted where 100 patient visits were observed and video recorded in a primary care clinic. videos were then coded for gaze behaviors where patients' and physicians' gaze at each other and artifacts such as electronic health records were coded using a pre-established objective coding scheme. gaze data were then analyzed using lag sequential methods. results: results showed that there are several eye gaze patterns significantly dependent to each other. all doctor-initiated gaze patterns were followed by patient gaze patterns. some patient-initiated gaze patterns were also followed by doctor gaze patterns significantly unlike the findings in previous studies. health information technology appears to contribute to some of the new significant patterns that have emerged. differences were also found in gaze patterns related to technology that differ from patterns identified in studies with paper charts. several sequences related to patient-doctor-technology were also significant. electronic health records affect the patient-physician eye contact dynamic differently than paper charts. conclusion: this study identified several patterns of patient-physician interaction with electronic health record systems. consistent with previous studies, physician initiated gaze is an important driver of the interactions between patient and physician and patient and technology. published by elsevier ireland ltd.
nonverbal_communication	using the developmental play assessment, this preliminary study described the categories and levels of play with objects produced by 10 young boys with diagnoses of full mutation fragile x syndrome, the leading inherited cause of intellectual disability. additionally, the study examined concurrent associations between child characteristics and three different summary level variables representing object play skills. presentation combinations (i.e., recreating structured configurations of objects) was the highest play level emerging or mastered for all participants. the number of toys touched during the play sample, an index of object interest, was positively related to standardized measures of receptive and expressive language while the number of different actions produced, an index of play diversity, was negatively related to autism symptom severity. both variables were significantly related to the number of nonverbal communication acts children produced while interacting with their mothers in play. clinical implications and future directions are discussed. learning outcomes: readers will be able to: (1) define a framework for categorizing developmental levels of play; (2) discuss the constructs represented by three different summary level metrics of play with objects; (3) describe the relationship between object-play skills and child characteristics for young males with fxs. (c) 2014 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
nonverbal_communication	classroom observation is an important part of language teacher education (kelly & grenfell 2004) but its effects could be enhanced through observation and guided analysis of video-recorded lessons. as a matter of fact, focus on teacher talk and on its specific conversational patterns (sinclair 1982, sinclair & brazil 1982) could be of great benefit on teacher education. moreover, digital data (audio, video and text) presenting natural speech in context would be a relevant tool for teacher trainers, in order to help their trainees to develop teaching awareness and interaction ability, especially if such data are easily and freely accessible and properly treated through new methods of computer-based multimodal analysis. in this study we have analysed, through a multimodal approach, teacher talk questioning in several l2 and ls italian classrooms. questioning is one of the most common techniques used by teachers (richards, 1996) and serves as the principal way in which teachers control the classroom interaction. in some classrooms over half of class time is taken up by question-and-answer exchanges (richards, 1996). we have focused on two main types of questions: display questions and referential questions. through the usage of some video-recorded lessons, transcribed and subtitled, we have investigated the presence and relevance of non-linguistic patterns, that match with regularity with these linguistic phenomena. particularly, we have examined specific non-verbal and para-verbal activities made by the speakers, tightly linked to the various types of questions, and we have noted that there are recurring behaviours used together with the over mentioned linguistic structures, to express specific communicative and didactic scopes and functions, that is to say to build and spread knowledge in a l2/ls italian classroom.
nonverbal_communication	purpose prostate cancer screening with prostate-specific antigen (psa) is a controversial issue. the present study aimed to explore physician behaviors during an unannounced standardized patient encounter that was part of a randomized controlled trial to educate physicians using a prostate cancer screening, interactive, web-based module. methods participants included 118 internal medicine and family medicine physicians from 5 health systems in california, in 2007-2008. control physicians received usual education about prostate cancer screening (brochures from the center for disease control and prevention). intervention physicians participated in the prostate cancer screening module. within 3 months, all physicians saw unannounced standardized patients who prompted prostate cancer screening discussions in clinic. the encounter was audio-recorded, and the recordings were transcribed. authors analyzed physician behaviors around screening: (1) engagement after prompting, (2) degree of shared decision making, and (3) final recommendations for prostate cancer screening. results after prompting, 90% of physicians discussed prostate cancer screening. in comparison with control physicians, intervention physicians showed somewhat more shared decision making behaviors (intervention 14 items vs control 11 items, p < .05), were more likely to mention no screening as an option (intervention 63% vs control 26%, p < .05), to encourage patients to consider different screening options (intervention 62% vs control 39%, p < .05) and seeking input from others (intervention 25% vs control 7%, p < .05). conclusions a brief web-based interactive educational intervention can improve shared decision making, neutrality in recommendation, and reduce psa test ordering. engaging patients in discussion of the uses and limitations of tests with uncertain value can decrease utilization of the tests.
nonverbal_communication	uncertainty monitoring is a core property of metacognition, allowing individuals to adapt their decision-making strategies depending on the state of their knowledge. although it has been argued that other animals share these metacognitive abilities, only humans seem to possess the ability to explicitly communicate their own uncertainty to others. it remains unknown whether this capacity is present early in development, or whether it emerges later with the ability to verbally report one 's own mental states. here, using a nonverbal memory-monitoring paradigm, we show that 20-month-olds can monitor and report their own uncertainty. infants had to remember the location of a hidden toy before pointing to indicate where they wanted to recover it. in an experimental group, infants were given the possibility to ask for help through nonverbal communication when they had forgotten the toy location. compared with a control group in which infants had no other option but to decide by themselves, infants given the opportunity to ask for help used this option strategically to improve their performance. asking for help was used selectively to avoid making errors and to decline difficult choices. these results demonstrate that infants are able to successfully monitor their own uncertainty and share this information with others to fulfill their goals.
leadership	since the turn of the millennium, interest in collaborative and distributed conceptualisations of leadership has gathered momentum, particularly in education. during the same period, higher education institutions have been embedded in practices shaped by new public management. the resultant reconfiguration of structural arrangements within institutions has led to the existence of two staff groups, professional and academic. the former is often aligned to the rise in managerial practices over claimed academic collegial practices, thus creating conditions for a possible dualistic positioning with the two groups. distributed leadership and collaboration are claimed to be approaches that overcome this dualism, yet they may also be susceptible to maintaining this dual state and subtly reaffirm embedded interests and structures. as an alternative, a leadership-as-practice approach ontologically shifts the way in which sense is made of organisations. the practice-based model for understanding organisations presented in this paper offers a theoretical and applied framework that incorporates and also goes beyond collaborative and distributed leadership due to its association with practice theory.
leadership	voters do not associate female candidates with feminine stereotypes, but voters also do not associate female candidates with the qualities most valued in political leaders such as experience and knowledge. current research offers conflicting conclusions on whether female candidates benefit from breaking with feminine norms or face a backlash for being too aggressive and not likable enough. using a series of experiments, i show how counterstereotypic gender strategies, including women emphasizing masculine trait competencies, improve evaluations of female candidates along both masculine and feminine leadership dimensions. these results offer novel insights into how female candidates can overcome perceptual deficits among voters that they lack critical masculine leadership qualities. i also show that female candidates can overcome these biases without losing on traditional feminine strengths such as warmth and likability. however, counterstereotypic female candidates can face a ""likability"" backlash from out-partisan voters. these findings suggest counterstereotypes may be more beneficial for female candidates in a primary election context when voters are copartisans rather than general elections where candidates often need cross-partisan support.
leadership	diagnostics are a cornerstone of the practice of infectious diseases. however, various limitations frequently lead to unmet clinical needs. in most other domains, diagnostics focus on narrowly defined questions, provide readily interpretable answers, and use true gold standards for development. in contrast, infectious diseases diagnostics must contend with scores of potential pathogens, dozens of clinical syndromes, emerging pathogens, rapid evolution of existing pathogens and their associated resistance mechanisms, and the absence of gold standards in many situations. in spite of these challenges, the importance and value of diagnostics cannot be underestimated. therefore, the antibacterial resistance leadership group has identified diagnostics as 1 of 4 major areas of emphasis. herein, we provide an overview of that development, highlighting several examples where innovation in study design, content, and execution is advancing the field of infectious diseases diagnostics.
leadership	social network analysis presupposes that observed social behavior is influenced by an unobserved network. traditional approaches to inferring the latent network use pairwise descriptive statistics that rely on a variety of measures of co-occurrence. while these techniques have proven useful in a wide range of applications, the literature does not describe the generating mechanism of the observed data from the network. in a previous article, the authors presented a technique which used a finite mixture model as the connection between the unobserved network and the observed social behavior. this model assumed that each group was the result of a star graph on a subset of the population. thus, each group was the result of a leader who selected members of the population to be in the group. they called these hub models. this approach treats the network values as parameters of a model. however, this leads to a general challenge in estimating parameters which must be addressed. for small datasets there can be far more parameters to estimate than there are observations. under these conditions, the estimated network can be unstable. in this article, we propose a solution which penalizes the number of nodes which can exert a leadership role. we implement this as a pseudo-expectation maximization algorithm. we demonstrate this technique through a series of simulations which show that when the number of leaders is sparse, parameter estimation is improved. further, we apply this technique to a dataset of animal behavior and an example of recommender systems. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
leadership	as of october 2016, use of federal older americans act funds for health promotion and disease prevention will be restricted to the administration on aging 's criteria for high-level evidence-based health promotion programs. dissemination of these programs to rural communities remains limited. therefore a strong need exists to identify strategies that facilitate program implementation and sustainability. the objective of this study was to compare organizational readiness and implementation strategies used by rural communities that achieved varying levels of success in sustaining evidence-based health promotion programs for older adults. we utilized a qualitative multi-site case study design to analyze the longitudinal experiences of eight rural sites working to implement evidence-based health promotion program over 3 years (8/2012-7/2015). multiple sources of data (interviews, documents, reports, surveys) from each site informed the analysis. we used conventional content analysis to conduct a cross-case comparison to identify common features of rural counties that successfully implemented and sustained their target evidence-based health promotion program. readiness to implement evidence-based programs as low at baseline as all site leaders described needing to secure additional resources for program implementation. sites that successfully utilized six essential resources implemented and sustained greater numbers of workshops: (1) external partnerships, (2) agency leadership commitment, (3) ongoing source of workshop leaders, (4) health promotion coordination tasks assigned to specific staff, (5) organizational stability, and (6) change team engagement. the six essential resources described in this study can help rural communities assess their readiness to implement health promotion programs and work secure the resources necessary for successful implementation.
leadership	purpose: to identify, evaluate and synthesise studies examining the barriers and enablers for survivors of critical illness to participate in physical activity in the icu and post-icu settings from the perspective of patients, caregivers and healthcare providers. methods: systematic review of articles using five electronic databases: medline, cinahl, embase, cochrane library, scopus. quantitative and qualitative studies that were published in english in a peer-reviewed journal and assessed barriers or enablers for survivors of critical illness to perform physical activity were included. prospero id: crd42016035454. results: eighty-nine papers were included. five major themes and 28 sub-themes were identified, encompassing: (1) patient physical and psychological capability to perform physical activity, including delirium, sedation, illness severity, comorbidities, weakness, anxiety, confidence and motivation; (2) safety influences, including physiological stability and concern for lines, e.g. risk of dislodgement; (3) culture and team influences, including leadership, interprofessional communication, administrative buy-in, clinician expertise and knowledge; (4) motivation and beliefs regarding the benefits/risks; and (5) environmental influences, including funding, access to rehabilitation programs, staffing and equipment. conclusions: the main barriers identified were patient physical and psychological capability to perform physical activity, safety concerns, lack of leadership and icu culture of mobility, lack of interprofessional communication, expertise and knowledge, and lack of staffing/equipment and funding to provide rehabilitation programs. barriers and enablers are multidimensional and span diverse factors. the majority of these barriers are modifiable and can be targeted in future clinical practice.
leadership	the importance of leadership for improving educational outcomes in schools has been widely promoted. however, the nature of leadership practices, in context, has received less attention in the educational leadership literature. in this article, we present a case study of the specific leadership practices that developed in one school site serving the learning needs of students in a complex, diverse, low socio-economic community in south-east queensland, australia. rather than focusing on the person/role of 'the leader', or various leadership qualities/traits, we examine the nature and particularity of the leadership practices as praxis, across a variety of roles and dispositions, as developed within the school. to help make sense of the praxis and particularity of educational leadership practices, we draw upon recent neo-aristotelian practice theory to reveal the specific actions ( 'doings'), dialogue ( 'sayings') and relationships ( 'relatings'), which constituted leadership-in-practice, as praxis. these 'doing', 'sayings' and 'relatings' for praxis were evident in: formal leadership practices responsive to the context and history of the particular school site; formal and informal leadership practices involved in establishing a 'leadership group' within the school to address students' needs, and; and informal leadership practices focused on cultivating teacher learning for student learning. such an approach does not simply reinforce sedimented notions of what constitutes 'educational leadership', but sheds new light upon the nature of 'leading practices for praxis'.
leadership	without power and political authority, planning theorists' advice for planners to be politically astute is of little help. the politically astute planners could do little in the face of political pressure. in this context, the logical advice for planners would be to join politics and acquire the political authority that they need to materialize their plans. this article, through case studies from the united states, brazil, and nepal, shows that the planners who joined politics were able to accomplish some of the most difficult planning tasks in their towns and suggests that planners should take up elected position as and when possible.
leadership	understood in economic terms, interest elevates baser human impulses and degrades higher human potential as it motivates individuals to value material gains over moral ones. because of this influence, it is difficult to consider interest as a regime value. but just because it is beleaguered does not mean it ought to be abandoned, especially because interest is placed front and center in the constitutional order. providing a perspective of the merits of interest, alexis de tocqueville offers a conceptualization that allows this regime value to be relevant even for contemporary administrators operating in spaces of diffused public responsibility.
leadership	family firms play a significant role in the global economy. although family firm literature has devoted much time and effort to investigating topics concerning corporate governance, leadership, ownership and succession, accounting issues have received relatively scant attention. in this paper, we assemble and critically review extant literature on the choice of management controls. this is an essential topic for firms as management control systems (mcs) are used to make sure subordinates behave in function of the goals of the firm. family firms, however, have distinct features, such as differences in governance structures and goals, which can have a significant impact on whether and how mcs are used. we conclude this review paper by providing avenues for future research that can advance our understanding of both the determinants and the outcomes of the choice of mcs.
child_abuse	adult victims of child physical abuse (cpa) are more likely to perpetrate intimate partner violence (ipv) than are nonvictims. however, not all cpa victims go on to become violent toward their partners, suggesting that other factors moderate risk for ipv perpetration. drawing on the background-situational model (riggs & o'leary, 1989, 1996), this study examines the independent and interactive effects of cpa history and negative affect arising during conflict with an intimate partner in predicting physical ipv perpetration. fifty-three heterosexual dating couples completed questionnaires assessing cpa history and perpetration of physical ipv. couples discussed the largest source of conflict in their relationship for 10 min. videos of these discussions were coded for negative affect. using an actor partner interdependence model approach to account for the dyadic interdependence of the data, findings revealed that at average levels of negative affect, cpa severity predicted greater ipv perpetration for both men and women. however, at average levels of cpa, negative affect during conflict was positively predictive of ipv perpetration for men only. findings further revealed an interaction such that for men, the positive association between cpa severity and ipv perpetration became stronger as their negative affect during conflict increased.
child_abuse	objectives: to test the performance of a single 3d ir t2-weighted sequence compared to a whole-body mri protocol including dwi, t1-weighted and stir 3d ir (3s) in a pediatric population. methods: two radiologists (15 and 30 years of experience),reviewed wbmris: first the stir alone and 2 weeks later the 3s protocol. the indications were variable. only positive findings were explicitly reported. a third reader compared the results to gold standard (gs) exams specific for the pathology. agreement between the two readers, sensitivity and positive predictive value of stir were calculated. results: fifty-four wbmris were included (16 suspected child abuse, 8 chronic recurrent multifocal osteomyelitis (crmo), 11 lymphomas, 4 osteosarcomas, 9 neuroblastomas, 6 histiocytosis). the mean age was 6 years 10 months, range: 1 month to 15 years. agreement between readers was of 0.87 [0.82-0.91] for 3d stir, and 0.89 [0.83-0.93] for the 3s protocol. for reader 1 sensitivity of 3d stir was 81.6% and of 3s 81.0%. for reader 2 it was 74.1% for 3d stir and 74.7% for 3s. for both readers and for both protocols, the positive predictive value (ppv) depended on the type of disease (for example 100% histocytosis and osteosarcomas, >90% for child abuse, >85% crmo but <70% for lymphoma and neuroblastoma). conclusions: sensitivities were not different between the 2 protocols, for each reader and were different between the 2 readers for each protocol. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
child_abuse	the quality of the caregiver-child relationship is key to the well-being of children but assumptions based on research in western countries about the benefits of different types of substitute care may be questionable when applied elsewhere. this study assessed the quality of caregiver-child relationships and their association with child abuse in foster and residential care in nigeria. the findings are relevant to european and north american countries as 4% of those looked after and 6% of care entrants in england are of african heritage and it is too easy to draw wrong conclusions about the care they might have received in their own countries. the study scrutinised 314 children aged 7-17 years from foster (157) and residential care settings (157) and assessed the caregiver-child relationship using the positive relationship scale. the child abuse measure covered physical, sexual and emotional components and aggregated these into a single score. the subsequent analysis explored differences in child abuse between foster and residential care and the significance of other factors influencing levels of child abuse. it was found that the children in residential care had more positive relationships with caregivers than did those in foster care, even though abuse occurred in both settings. there were no gender differences in experiences of child abuse in either setting but children under the age of 12 were significantly more likely to have been abused while in care than those over this age. for children in residential care, age was the most significant factor associated with abuse. as these findings provide a perspective on children in substitute care in a west african city, they may be useful to social workers elsewhere who are responsible for children of african heritage, as they suggest that abuse often occurs in foster homes and that child-carer relationships in residential establishments can be good.
child_abuse	purpose it is common to evaluate children who have sustained minor head trauma with computed tomography (ct) of the head. scalp swelling, in particular, has been associated with intracranial injury. a subset of patients, however, present in delayed fashion, often days after the head trauma, as soft tissue edema progresses and their caregiver notices scalp swelling. we explore the value of further workup in this setting. methods we conducted a retrospective review of a prospectively collected cohort of children <= 24 months of age presenting to the texas children 's hospital with scalp swelling more than 24 h following a head trauma. cases were collected over a 2-year study period from june 1, 2014 to may 31, 2016. results seventy-six patients comprising 78 patient encounters were included in our study. the mean age at presentation was 8.8 months (range 3 days-24 months). all patients had noncontrast ct of the head as part of their evaluation by emergency medicine, as well as screening for nonaccidental trauma (nat) by the child protection team. the most common finding on ct head was a linear/nondisplaced skull fracture (sf) with associated extra-axial hemorrhage (epidural or subdural hematoma), which was found in 31/78 patient encounters (40%). of all 78 patient encounters, 43 patients (55%) were discharged from the emergency room (er), 17 patients (22%) were admitted for neurologic monitoring, and 18 patients (23%) were admitted solely to allow further nat evaluation. of those patients admitted, none experienced a neurologic decline and all had nonfocal neurologic exams on discharge. no patient returned to the er in delayed fashion for a neurologic decline. of all the patient encounters, no patient required surgery. conclusions pediatric patients <= 24 months of age presenting to the er in delayed fashion with scalp swelling after minor head trauma-who were otherwise nonfocal on examination-did not require surgical intervention and did not experience any neurologic decline. further radiographic investigation did not alter neurosurgical management in these patients; however, it should be noted that workup for child abuse and social care may have been influenced by ct findings, suggesting the need for the future development of a clinical decision-making tool to help safely avoid ct imaging in this setting.
child_abuse	background. the perception of patients' needs of support and sensitive communication about psychosocial stress all represent new, exacting tasks for nursing staff, midwives, social workers and physicians in obstetrics. as part of good start into the family (gustaf), a learning and teaching project in a university hospital, we were able to interview parents about their experiences with the intervention. objective. evaluation of the process of establishing contacts, the communication with professionals in obstetrics and the support offered from the perspective of parents. methods. qualitative guided interviews with seven families one year after the delivery. results. problem areas reported by parents were predominately related to increased parental care and the feeling of being overwhelmed in addition to social stress. core themes in communication addressed the entry into conversations, which was remembered negatively when advice was perceived as improper, patronizing or stigmatizing, and positively when professionals had listened sensitively and had provided tangible support. some conversations increased stress. relating to assistance and support, parents reported both positive and negative experiences. justness and reliability emerged as particularly important topics. discussion. the attendance of families around the time of the delivery poses varying demands upon the hospital staff, not necessarily in keeping with traditional professional attitudes and competencies. careful attention to the personal physical and emotional well-being of mothers and newborns, non-stigmatizing entry into the conversations, justness of the support and avoiding inconsistencies within the institution and the network all appear to be of great importance.
child_abuse	the role of the veterinary forensic pathologist in the investigation of animal abuse or neglect can go beyond documenting the condition of animals presented as evidence. although animal cruelty is a moral concern and a crime in itself, law enforcement response to such crimes is often enhanced by the recognition that crimes against animals can be both indicators of other ongoing crimes against people and predictors of the potential for interpersonal violence. an understanding of common motives underlying animal cruelty can aid the pathologist in asking appropriate questions. the authors review the forms of pathology evidence commonly seen in various presentations of animal cruelty. understanding these forms of evidence can help the pathologist describe findings that can be significant for assessing the potential risks the alleged perpetrator may pose to other animals and humans.
child_abuse	objectives: to develop and provide validity evidence for a performance checklist to evaluate the child abuse screening behaviors of prehospital providers. methods: checklist development: we developed the first iteration of the checklist after review of the relevant literature and on the basis of the authors' clinical experience. next, a panel of six content experts participated in three rounds of delphi review to reach consensus on the final checklist items. checklist validation: twenty-eight emergency medical services (ems) providers (16 emt-basics, 12 emt-paramedics) participated in a standardized simulated case of physical child abuse to an infant followed by one-on-one semi-structured qualitative interviews. three reviewers scored the videotaped performance using the final checklist. light 's kappa and cronbach 's alpha were calculated to assess inter-rater reliability (irr) and internal consistency, respectively. the correlation of successful child abuse screening with checklist task completion and with participant characteristics were compared using pearson 's chi squared test to gather evidence for construct validity. results: the delphi review process resulted in a final checklist that included 24 items classified with trichotomous scoring (done, not done, or not applicable). the overall irr of the three raters was 0.70 using light 's kappa, indicating substantial agreement. internal consistency of the checklist was low, with an overall cronbach 's alpha of 0.61. of 28 participants, only 14 (50%) successfully screened for child abuse in simulation. participants who successfully screened for child abuse did not differ significantly from those who failed to screen in terms of training level, past experience with child abuse reporting, or self-reported confidence in detecting child abuse (all p >0.30). of all 24 tasks, only the task of exposing the infant significantly correlated with successful detection of child abuse (p < 0.05). conclusions: we developed a child abuse checklist that demonstrated strong content validity and substantial inter-rater reliability, but successful item completion did not correlate with other markers of provider experience. the validated instrument has important potential for training, continuing education, and research for prehospital providers at all levels of training.
child_abuse	clause 13 of the united nations convention on the rights of the child states that children have the right 'to seek, receive or impart information and ideas of all kinds, regardless of frontiers, either orally, in writing or in print, in art or in any other media of the child 's voice'. however, there is one area in which this directive is constrained in various countries by domestic regulations curtailing children 's access to information. that area is human sexuality. the arguments for and against children 's access to sex education are well rehearsed. in this article, the author pursues a different angle, looking instead at the increasing restrictions placed upon young people 's ability to imagine and communicate with each other about sexual issues, particularly in online settings. the advent of the internet and a range of social networking sites have not only enabled young people to access previously quarantined information about sexuality, but also to actively engage in forms of 'intimate citizenship' online. in this article, the author focuses on young people 's online fan communities which use characters from popular culture such as harry potter or a range of japanese manga and animation to imagine and explore sexual issues. 'child abuse publications legislation' in australia and elsewhere now criminalizes the representation of even imaginary characters who are or may only 'appear to be' under the age of 18 in sexual scenarios. hence these children and young people are in danger of being charged with the offence of manufacturing and disseminating child pornography. despite research into these fandoms that indicates that they are of positive benefit to young people in developing 'sexual literacies', there is increasingly diminishing space for young people under the age of 18 to imagine or communicate about sexuality, even in the context of purely fictional scenarios.
child_abuse	this study examined the relationship between different areas of family need and the utilization of home-based, post-investigation services (hbps) following a child protective services (cps) investigation. the sample consisted of 2598 families with children who remained at home after an initial cps investigation between july 2006 and april 2011. family need was measured in three areas (concrete, clinical, and educational) using the family assessment form (faf), and families received one or more of the following hbps: case management, concrete, educational, and clinical services. pearson chi-square analyses were utilized to identify significant areas of needs to be included in a final multivariate logistic regression for each hbps while controlling for demographic characteristics. numerous areas of family need were associated with receipt of services intended to address those needs. specifically, concrete need related to financial conditions was met with concrete services, educational need related to child development (an indicator of parenting need) was met with educational services, and clinical need related to interactions between caregivers (a potential indicator of domestic violence) was met with clinical services. in contrast, caregivers with concrete need related to living conditions were less likely to receive both educational and clinical services. findings from the study highlight that matching concrete needs to related services is relatively straightforward but that the match between educational and clinical needs to respective services is more complex. we discuss the complexities of matching different areas of need and hbps following a cps investigation and the importance of ""bridging services"" to engage families at risk of maltreatment in additional prevention services. published by elsevier ltd.
child_abuse	background: an extremely high percentage of children worldwide are exposed to stress from the first months of life. the aim of this review is to bring together the experimental results related to chronic early-life stress in both human and experimental models. methods: we aimed to achieve our objective via a thorough review of the literature. results: early-life stress is a challenge for the developing organism and leads to negative effects in the medium and long term. the emotional, cognitive, and behavioral domains are compromised due to alterations produced in the nervous system, with some of the most important being related to the main neurotransmission systems. conclusions: by using experimental models, it is possible to address the study of the structural and functional changes resulting from early-life stress and, thus, plan intervention and prevention alternatives.
gender_roles	earlier evidence predominantly supports that women are more ethical than men. with the replication of such a hypothesis for testing, this study further examined whether feminine gender roles are a better predictor of ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values than the biological sex. four hundred ten management students from two technical institutes in eastern india participated in this study. along with the socio-demographic variables in the questionnaire, inventories were used to assess gender roles, ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values. the inventories had acceptable reliability and validity. the results suggested that when the confounding effects of age, caste, and rural/urban origin are controlled, women manifest higher corporate responsibility values than men, but they embody similar ethical attitudes and ethical behaviors as men. furthermore, the feminine roles of the participants were found to be more consistent, potent, and direct predictors of ethical attitudes, ethical behaviors, and corporate responsibility values than the biological sex. hence, individuals with feminine roles may be better suited for ethical responsibilities.
gender_roles	we examine the relationship between unemployment, life satisfaction and affective well-being depending on family status and, within couples, on the employment status of one 's partner. our data, that we collected using the day reconstruction method, show that unemployment is negatively related to life satisfaction, but not to affective well-being. living in a partnership strengthens the loss in life satisfaction of men, but weakens that of women. unemployment of a person 's partner is associated with a smaller loss in life satisfaction for unemployed men, but with a larger loss for women. we argue that these findings reflect to a large extent changes in cognitive well-being, which is closely related to identity utility. the unemployed 's feeling of identity appears to be affected by traditional gender roles.
gender_roles	this study investigated how media exposure affects how noncollege women envision their futures. over 5 days, a prolonged exposure experiment presented childless women (aged 21-35) with magazine portrayals of females in gender-congruent (mother/homemaker or beauty ideals) or gender-incongruent (professional) social roles. responses to an open-ended question revealed that 3 days after media exposure, only gender-congruent roles remained salient. exposure to homemaker portrayals induced more thoughts about possible future selves (pfss) and fostered concerns about motherhood and career roles; it also produced more positive affective valence compared with exposure to portrayals of professional women, particularly among women with gender-congruent life circumstances. exposure impacts were mediated by the extent to which women linked the magazine portrayals to their own pfss.
gender_roles	while the first narcoseries as sin tetas no hay paraiso and las munecas de la mafia have had characterized female roles as victims, telemundo (a broadcast television network) has changed this image by including leading female roles of the drug dealing. seemingly, it provokes an investment in the traditional gender roles, because these women turn into an active agent in a patriarchal world. nevertheless, these protagonists are defined by means of stereotypically feminine elements, such as kindness, sacrifice and maternity that are concreted, in a literal and metaphorical way, in two analyzed narcoseries: la reina del sur and camelia la texana. notwithstanding, the real subversive act of these characters-in order to depart from gender prototypes-is their abilities to analyze and decide. they, rather than consider themselves as victims of their circumstances, assume their responsibility for the life that they have chosen and their violent acts.
gender_roles	young people live in an environment that sexualises them, particularly women, along traditional gender roles. this, in parallel with a silence about positive sexuality in policy development, means that sexual double standards prevail in young people 's lives. the aim of this study was to explore the discourses young women and men from two european countries, germany and england, draw on when making sense of sexual relationships and how these are steeped in the local cultural climate and messages. the study used q methodology and included 65 german and english young people between 16 and 19years of age. six accounts emerged: sex as responsible, intimate and shared experience; sex as joint fun; ideal versus reality; sex has to be responsible, consensual and shared; caring relationships offer the perfect context for fulfilling sex; and equality between partners. the importance of cultural context in the availability of specific dominant and alternative discourses is discussed with a focus on how this influences young people 's sense-making with regard to sexuality and sexual relationships. future directions for research are highlighted.
gender_roles	background ""gender"" reflects social norms for women and men, whereas ""sex"" defines biological characteristics. gender-related characteristics explain some differences in access to care for premature acute coronary syndrome (acs); whether they are associated with cardiovascular outcomes is unknown. objectives this study estimated associations between gender and sex with recurrent acs and major adverse cardiac events (mace) (e.g., acs, cardiac mortality, revascularization) over 12 months in patients with acs. methods we studied 273 women and 636 men age 18 to 55 years from genesis-praxy (gender and sex determinants of cardiovascular disease: from bench to beyond-premature acute coronary syndrome), a prospective observational cohort study, who were hospitalized for acs between january 2009 and april 2013. gender-related characteristics (e.g., social roles) were assessed using a self-administered questionnaire, and a composite measure of gender was derived. outcomes included recurrent acs and mace over 12 months. results feminine roles and personality traits were associated with higher rates of recurrent acs and mace compared with masculine characteristics. this difference persisted for recurrent acs, after multivariable adjustment (hazard ratio from score 0 to 100: 4.50; 95% confidence interval: 1.05 to 19.27), and was a nonstatistically significant trend for mace (hazard ratio: 1.54; 95% confidence interval: 0.90 to 2.66). a possible explanation is increased anxiety, the only condition that was more prevalent in patients with feminine characteristics and that rendered the association between gender and recurrent acs nonstatistically significant (hazard ratio: 3.56; 95% confidence interval: 0.81 to 15.61). female sex was not associated with outcomes post-acs. conclusions younger adults with acs with feminine gender are at an increased risk of recurrent acs over 12 months, independent of female sex. (c) 2016 by the american college of cardiology foundation.
gender_roles	honor values articulate gender roles, the importance of reputation in maintaining one 's place in society, and maintaining respect for the groups one belongs to. in that sense honor provides a template for organizing social interactions and hence may be functional even among people and societies that do not report valuing and endorsing honor. we test the prediction that honor influences judgment and attention when activated in two experiments (n = 538). using a culture-as-situated cognition perspective, we predicted that activating one aspect of honor would activate other aspects, even among individuals who do not much endorse honor values. we tested these predictions among european americans, a group that is not typically associated with honor values. in each study, participants were randomly assigned to experimental or control groups, which differed in one way: the experimental group read statements about honor values as a first step and the control group did not. participants then judged stick-figure pairs (judging which is male; study 1, n = 130) or made lexical decisions (judging whether a letter-string formed a correctly spelled word; study 2, n = 408). in study 1, experimental group participants were more likely to choose the visually agentic figure as male. in study 2, experimental group participants were more accurate at noticing that the letter string formed a word if the word was an honor-relevant word (e.g., noble), but they did not differ from the control group if the word was irrelevant to honor (e.g., happy). participants in both studies were just above the neutral point in their endorsement of honor values. individual differences in honor values endorsement did not moderate the effects of activating an honor mindset. though honor is often described as if it is located in space, we did not find clear effects of where our letter strings were located on the computer screen. our findings suggest a new way to consider how honor functions, even in societies in which honor is not a highly endorsed value.
gender_roles	traditionally, sport has been a heteronormative domain space in which women and men with different sexual orientations have been rejected as transgressing and questioning the 'heteronormative patriarchy'. in recent years, spanish society seems to have changed and a more tolerant and respectful climate of diversity has been created. however, there are no current studies analysing this situation in sport in spain. in this work, an attitude scale towards sexual diversity in sport is presented. the initial version of the 32 item questionnaire was completed by 414 athletes of both genders, whose ages ranged from 13 to 44 years old (m = 21.72, sd = 4.48). the validity of the content of the initial battery of items was analysed by four experts. afterwards, two successive exploratory factor analyses were carried out to assess internal validity determining a scale of 18 items and adequate internal consistency reliability (alpha =.904). the results also show that there are four factors that bring these attitudes together: cognitive attitudes towards diversity, attitudes towards gender stereotypes, attitudes towards transgression and affective attitudes towards diversity. item analysis and analysis of the internal consistency of the four factors were also carried out. therefore, the study results support the conclusion that the scale, in general, shows good adaptation due to its validity and reliability.
gender_roles	the current study addresses the gender roles and the stereotypes produced in the context of cypriot society, through their representations on postage stamps produced by the republic of cyprus from 1960 to 2013. the theoretical framework employed derives from relevant theories on social roles' divisions based on gender, as well as the way these roles and stereotypes are expressed through images. the corpus has been analyzed by means of content analysis and semiotic analysis was employed in order to explore how the theoretical framework complies with selected stamps from the content analysis in respect of non-verbal signs. according to the findings, the role of women on stamp representations seems to be secondary and tied with emotional qualities, while men seem to hold a more prominent position in the society. this fact is reflected both on the quantity of stamps representing each gender in the respective thematic categories, as well as, on the selected stamps studied with semiotic analysis. nonetheless, there have been strong indications that the social roles of genders and therefore stereotypes have started changing as the society progresses through the years. this process however, does not seem apparent on the imagery used for the stamps of the republic of cyprus.
gender_roles	purpose - influence tactics are prevalent in the workplace and are linked to crucial outcomes such as career success and helping behaviours. the authors argue that sex role identity affects women 's choice of influence tactics in the workplace, but they only receive positive performance ratings when their behaviours are congruent with gender role expectation. furthermore, the authors hypothesize that these relationships may be moderated by occupational continuance commitment. results suggest that femininity is negatively related to the use of influence tactics overall, and this relationship is moderated by occupational continuance commitment. design/methodology/approach - in all, 657 women working in the construction industry were surveyed for their continuance occupational commitment and sex role identity and 465 supervisors whose responses are linked with the subordinates are surveyed for the women 's influence tactics and performance ratings. findings - results suggested that femininity was negatively related to the use of influence tactics overall, and this relationship was moderated by occupational continuance commitment. results also showed that women 's use of influence tactics was only positively received in terms of performance ratings when the influence tactic was congruent with gender role expectations. research limitations/implications - the results of this current study suggest that not all women are equally likely to use influence tactics and not all tactics result in positive perceptions of performance. feminine women in general refrain from using influence tactics unless they are driven to stay in a given occupation, but they only receive positive results when their behaviours are congruent with society 's gender role expectations. originality/value - past research has mostly focused on broad differences between males and females, and this study has shown that there are more nuanced differences that can more accurately describe the effects of gender disposition (i.e. sex role identity) on influence tactics. it also emphasizes the importance of occupational commitment as a boundary condition, which influences women to step out of their gender roles even though they may be penalized with lower performance ratings.
depression	this article explores socially withdrawn young finnish people on an internet forum who identify with the japanese hikikomori phenomenon. we aim to overcome the dualism between sociology and psychology found in earlier research by referring to pierre bourdieu, who provides insights into how individual choices are constructed in accordance with wider social settings. we focus on the individual level and everyday choices, but we suggest that psychological factors (anxiety, depression) can be seen as properties of social relations rather than as individual states of mind, as young adults have unequal access to valued resources. we scrutinise young people 's specific reasoning related to the social and psychological factors and contingent life events that influence their choice to withdraw. an experience of inadequacy, a feeling of failure and a lack of self-efficacy are common experiences in the data. this indicates that young adults who identify with the hikikomori phenomenon find external society demanding and consider themselves lacking resources such as education, social networks or the personality type that they see as valued in society and as essential to survival'. they also feel that they cannot control their life events, which may mean that they receive little help in their everyday lives.
depression	purpose/background: the aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of quetiapine xr and lithium on actigraphy-measured circadian parameters in patients with bipolar ii depression. methods/procedures: this was an 8-week, open-label, prospective, randomized comparative study. the assessments included the 17-item hamilton depression rating scale score and actigraphic measures concerning the previous 7 days, collected at each visit (weeks 0 [baseline], 1, 2, 4, 6, and 8); the actigraphic data were analyzed with a cosinor analysis. findings/results: medication, time, and the interaction between medication and time were significantly associated with acrophase for the entire group (ps = 0.003, 0.020, and 0.042, respectively). more specifically, acrophase was significantly delayed at weeks 1 and 6 (ps = 0.004 and 0.039, respectively) in the quetiapine xr group. the f statistics significantly increased over time for the entire group (p < 0.001), and there was a significant increase in f statistics on weeks 4 and 6 in the quetiapine xr group (ps = 0.016 and 0.020, respectively) and on weeks 4 and 8 in the lithium group (ps = 0.001 and 0.016, respectively). in addition, scores on the 17-item hamilton depression rating scale were significantly associated with the f statistics during 8 weeks for the entire group (p = 0.008). implications/conclusions: both quetiapine xr and lithium affected several circadian parameters, including peak activity time and robustness of circadian rhythm, but exerted different effects on acrophase in patients with bipolar ii depression. in particular, clinical depressive symptoms were associated with robustness of circadian rhythm during the course of the 8-week treatment.
depression	worry is a common phenotype in both psychiatric patients and the normal population. worry can be seen as a covert behavior with primary function to avoid aversive emotional experiences. our research group has developed a treatment protocol based on an operant model of worry, where we use exposure -based strategies to extinguish the catastrophic worry thoughts. the aim of this study was to test this treatment delivered via the internet in a large-scale randomized controlled trial. we randomized 140 high-worriers [pswq]) to either internet-based extinction therapy (ibet) or to a waiting-list condition (wl). results showed that ibet was superior to wl with an overall large between-group effect size of d 1.39 (95% confidence interval [1.04,1.73]) on the pswq. in the ibet group, 58% were classified as responders. the corresponding figure for wl participants was 7%. ibet was also superior to the wl on secondary outcome measures of anxiety, depression, meta-cognitions, cognitive avoidance, and quality of life. overall treatment results were maintained for the ibet group at 4- and 12-month follow-up. the results from this trial are encouraging as they indicate that worry can be targeted with an accessible and novel intervention for worry. replication trials with active control group are needed.
depression	psychosocial conditions such as depression, intimate partner violence (ipv), and history of childhood sexual abuse (csa) have been associated with poor hiv-related outcomes. in india, which has the third largest hiv epidemic in the world, little is understood about the impact of psychosocial conditions on people living with hiv (plhiv). we aimed to understand the prevalence and correlates of psychosocial conditions among plhiv entering into hiv care at the y.r. gaitonde centre for aids research and education in chennai, india. thirteen questions were added to the standard voluntary counseling and testing questionnaire, including the patient health questionnaire-9 (a depression scale) and questions assessing for csa and ipv. we fitted logistic regression models, stratified by gender, with psychosocial condition as the outcome of interest and substance use variables and socio-demographic variables as the correlates of interest. three hundred and eighty-three persons were enrolled into the study; of these, 253 (66%) tested positive for hiv, including 149 men and 104 women, and were included in the models. more than one-quarter (28%) of the men and 19% of the women reported at least one psychosocial condition (probable depression, csa, or ipv). in adjusted analysis, current alcohol use was associated with greater than two times higher odds of a psychosocial condition (adjusted odds ratio=2.24, 95% ci, 1.04-4.85) among men. in conclusion, we estimated the prevalence of probable depression, csa, and ipv among plhiv presenting for hiv care in southern india and found that, among male plhiv, alcohol use was associated with a markedly higher odds of reporting a psychosocial condition. further study is needed to characterize alcohol use among male plhiv and the possible deleterious impact of psychosocial conditions and alcohol use on hiv-related outcomes in india.
depression	objective: the aim of this study was to examine physical and heart rhythm management device malfunction complications after participating in a cardiac rehabilitation program intervention compared with usual care. method: this study was a clinical trial of 100 patients. after randomization, intervention group patients received 8 cardiac rehabilitation program sessions for 8 weeks and follow-up phone calls. each session consisted of exercise training, education, and psychological interventions. data were collected at 3 points in both groups-baseline and 8 and 12 weeks after the first day of the intervention-using a researcher-designed case report form. data were analyzed using descriptive and nonparametric tests. results: of the participants, 59% were men, and the sample was aged 40 to 60 years. at the 8- to 12-week follow-up, there were less physical complications among the cardiac rehabilitation group (p < .001) and no between-group differences in complications related to device malfunction. by heart rhythm device type, cardiac rehabilitation had the greatest efficacy in reducing physical complications in patients with cardioverter/defibrillators. conclusions: cardiac rehabilitation reduced physical complications in patients with cardiac rhythm management devices, especially in patients with cardioverter/defibrillators. cardiac clinical nurse specialists should recommend rehabilitation programs as part of postimplantation rhythm device treatment to decrease the risk of physical complications.
depression	intimate partner violence (ipv) has potentially severe and long-lasting mental health consequences for survivors, including elevated symptoms and diagnoses of posttraumatic stress disorder (ptsd), depression, and generalized anxiety disorder (gad). the current study examined the relationship between three self-report measures of psychological distress and ratings obtained from the corresponding clinician-administered measures in women seeking assessment for mental health problems following ipv (n = 185). ptsd symptoms were assessed using the self-report impact of event scale-revised (ies-r) and the interview-based clinician-administered ptsd scale (caps). depression symptoms were assessed using the self-report beck depression inventory-ii (bdi-ii) and the depressive disorders sections from the clinician-administered anxiety disorders interview schedule-iv (adis-iv). anxiety symptoms were assessed using the self-report beck anxiety inventory (bai) and the clinician-administered gad section from the adis-iv. results indicated that psychological distress was prevalent in the sample, with 27% receiving a ptsd diagnosis, 40% diagnosed with a depressive disorder, and 55% meeting criteria for gad. although each self-report measure was significantly and positively correlated with its corresponding clinician-administered measure, rates of diagnostic concordance were mixed. the bdi-ii showed a high degree of agreement with the adis-iv depression section, but the ies-r and the caps were discordant at classifying ptsd. the bai had acceptable sensitivity but poor specificity in relation to the adis-iv gad section. these findings suggest that multiple assessment modalities should be considered when rating symptoms and estimating the prevalence of diagnoses among survivors of ipv.
depression	the current paper provides an overview of the cultural and religious background of pakistan; the current situation of mental health in pakistan with special emphasis on cultural adaptation of cognitive behaviour therapy (cbt) in pakistan. in the context of sufism-islamic mindfulness, it is interesting to note that it has been easy to explain the concepts of cbt to the therapists and clients in pakistan, but the process to culturally adapt cbt in pakistani culture, had to be based on patience while generating evidence for it. our group has taken the responsibility to do that and so far, have been successful in the endeavours pertaining to research and service development, described in this paper.
depression	introduction: posttraumatic stress symptoms (pts) are associated with increased risk of obstetric complications among pregnant survivors of trauma, abuse and interpersonal violence, but little is known about how pts affects women 's actual experiences of obstetric care. this study investigated the rate at which abuse history was detected by obstetricians, whether abuse survivors experienced more invasive exams than is typically indicated for routine obstetric care, and whether psychological distress was associated with abuse survivors' sense of self-efficacy when communicating their obstetric care needs.methods: forty-one pregnant abuse survivors completed questionnaires about abuse history, current psychological distress and self-efficacy for communicating obstetric care needs and preferences. electronic medical records (emrs) were reviewed to examine frequency of invasive prenatal obstetric procedures (e.g. removal of clothing for external genital examination, pelvic exams and procedures) and to examine the detection rate of abuse histories during the initial obstetric visit.results: the majority of participants (83%) reported at least one past incident of violent physical or sexual assault. obstetricians detected abuse histories in less than one quarter of cases. nearly half of participants (46%) received invasive exams for non-routine reasons. pts and depression symptoms were associated with lower self-efficacy in communicating obstetric care preferences.discussion: women most at risk for experiencing distress during their obstetric visits and/or undergoing potentially distressing procedures may also be the least likely to communicate their distress to obstetricians. results are discussed with implications for improving screening for abuse screening and distress symptoms as well as need for trauma-sensitive obstetric practices.
depression	growing evidence suggests that positive mental health or wellbeing protects against psychopathology. how and why those who flourish derive these resilient outcomes is, however, unknown. this exploratory study investigated if self-compassion, as it continuously provides a friendly, accepting and situational context for negative experiences, functions as a resilience mechanism and adaptive emotion regulation strategy that protects against psychopathology for those with high levels of positive mental health. participants from the general population (n = 349) provided measures at one time-point on positive mental health (mhc-sf), self-compassion (scs-sf), psychopathology (hads) and negative affect (mdes). self-compassion significantly mediated the negative relationship between positive mental health and psychopathology. furthermore, higher levels of self-compassion attenuated the relationship between state negative affect and psychopathology. findings suggest that especially individuals with high levels of positive mental health possess self-compassion skills that promote resilience against psychopathology. these might function as an adaptive emotion regulation strategy and protect against the activation of schema related to psychopathology following state negative affective experiences. enhancing self-compassion is a promising positive intervention for clinical practice. it will not only impact psychopathology through reducing factors like rumination and self-criticism, but also improve positive mental health by enhancing factors such as kindness and positive emotions. this may reduce the future risk of psychopathology.
depression	background. men with biochemical recurrence of prostate cancer following local therapies often use natural supplements in an attempt to delay metastases and/or avoid the need for more aggressive treatments with undesirable side-effects. while there is a growing body of research into phytotherapeutic agents in this cohort, with some promising results, as yet no definitive recommendations can be made. this pilot study was undertaken to assess the feasibility of a fully-powered study to examine the effects of this phytotherapeutic intervention (containing turmeric, resveratrol, green tea and broccoli sprouts) on psa doubling time in men with biochemical recurrence with a moderate psa rise rate. methods. a double blind, randomized, placebo-controlled parallel trial was conducted with 22 men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer and a moderate rise rate (psa doubling time of 4-15 months and no evidence of metastases from conventional imaging methods). patients were randomized to either the active treatment arm or placebo for 12 weeks. the primary endpoints were feasibility of study recruitment and procedures, and measurement of proposed secondary endpoints (prostate symptoms, quality of life, anxiety, and depression as measured on the eortc qlq-c30 and pr-25, the ipss and hads). data were collected to estimate psa-log slopes and psa-doubling times, using a mixed model, for both the pre-intervention and post-intervention periods. results. adherence to study protocol was excellent, and the phytotherapeutic intervention was well-tolerated, with similar numbers of mild-to-moderate adverse events in the active and placebo arms. both the intervention and data collection methods were acceptable to participants. no statistical difference between groups on clinical outcomes was expected in this pilot study. there was between-subject variation in the psa post treatment, but on average the active treatment group experienced a non-significant increase in the log-slope of psa (pre-treatment doubling time = 10.2 months, post-treatment doubling time = 5.5 months), and the placebo group experienced no change in the log-slope of psa (pre-treatment doubling time = 10.8 months, post-treatment doubling time = 10.9 months). conclusion. the findings suggest that a fully powered study of this combination is feasible in men with biochemically recurrent prostate cancer and a moderate psa rise rate. (c) 2017 wiley periodicals, inc.
social_cognition	social cognitive skills are indispensable for successful communication with others. substantial research has determined deficits in these abilities in patients with mental disorders. in neurobiological development and continuing into adulthood, cross-cultural differences in social cognition have been demonstrated. moreover, symptomatic patterns in mental disorders may vary according to the cultural background of an individual. cross-cultural studies can thus help in understanding underlying (biological) mechanisms and factors that influence behavior in health and disease. in addition, studies that apply novel paradigms assessing the impact of culture on cognition may benefit and advance neuroscience research. in this review, the authors give an overview of cross-cultural research in the field of social cognition in health and in mental disorders and provide an outlook on future research directions, taking a neuroscience perspective.
social_cognition	dopamine levels in the brain influence emotional experiences and empathic responses to others' misfortune. inspired by roles of catechol-o-methyltransferase (comt) in dopamine degradation and the link between moral judgment and empathic responses, this study investigated to what extent the va1158met polymorphism of comtgene contributes to individual differences in moral permissibility and empathic dispositions. one thousand two hundred and seventy-two chinese han college students, who were differentiated with the comt va1158met (rs4680) polymorphism, rated permissibility of harm in moral dilemmas and scored their empathic dispositions with interpersonal reactivity index. the results showed a significant association between comtva1158met and the moral permissibility of committing harm. individuals with the val/val genotype, which is associated with lower levels of dopamine, endorsed impersonal harm as more impermissible than those with the val/met and met/met genotypes. results also showed that individuals with the val/val genotype showed higher empathic concern for others' misfortune. the findings provide the first evidence for the link between comt gene and the moral permissibility, highlighting the roles of dopamine in social cognition. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
social_cognition	perceptual systems must rapidly generate accurate representations of the world from sensory inputs that are corrupted by internal and external noise. we can typically obtain more veridical representations by integrating information from multiple channels, but this integration can lead to biases when inputs are, in fact, not from the same source. although a considerable amount is known about how different sources of information are combined to influence what we perceive, it is not known whether temporal features are combined. it is vital to address this question given the divergent predictions made by different models of cue combination and time perception concerning the plausibility of cross-modal temporal integration, and the implications that such integration would have for research programs in action control and social cognition. here we present four experiments investigating the influence of movement duration on the perceived duration of an auditory tone. participants either explicitly (experiments 1-2) or implicitly (experiments 3-4) produced hand movements of shorter or longer durations, while judging the duration of a concurrently presented tone (500-950 ms in duration). across all experiments, judgments of tone duration were attracted toward the duration of executed movements (i.e., tones were perceived to be longer when executing a movement of longer duration). our results demonstrate that temporal information associated with movement biases perceived auditory duration, placing important constraints on theories modeling cue integration for state estimation, as well as models of time perception, action control and social cognition.
social_cognition	two studies examined the development of constructivist theory of mind (tom) during late childhood and early adolescence. in study 1, a new measure was developed to assess participants' understanding of the interpretive and constructive processes embedded in memory, comprehension, attention, comparison, planning, and inference. using this measure, study 2 tested a mediational model in which prosocial reasoning about conflict mediated the relation between constructivist tom and behavior problems in high school. results showed that the onset of constructivist tom occurs between late childhood and early adolescence and that adolescents who have more advanced constructivist tom have more prosocial reasoning about conflict, which in turn mediated the relation with fewer serious behavior problems in high school, after controlling for academic performance and sex. in both studies, girls showed more advanced constructivist tom than boys in high school. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
social_cognition	psychosocial rehabilitation programs received mental health professional support in addition to traditional medication therapy. many psychosocial programs were developed since the 1990s, including cognitive remediation therapy. in this review, we focus on cognitive remediation therapy in korea since the 1990s. we review several cognitive rehabilitation programs developed in korea and their outcome studies and suggest future research directions and prospects. we reviewed cognitive rehabilitation programs including social cognitive training as well as more recent forms of computerized cognitive rehabilitation. although there are differences in cognitive domains by training targets, almost all neurocognitive remediation trainings in korea have beneficial effects on early visual processing, various attention types, and executive function. future studies need to investigate the mechanisms and various mediators underlying the relationships between cognitive functions and functional outcomes. with more comprehensive cognitive and social cognitive programs, we can enhance both cognition and functional outcomes of the patients with schizophrenia. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
social_cognition	over the last several decades, there has been a wealth of illuminating work on processes implicated in social cognition. much less has been done in articulating how we learn the contours of particular concepts deployed in social cognition, like the concept mentalistic agent. recent developments in learning theory afford new tools for approaching these questions. in this article, i describe some rudimentary ways in which learning theoretic considerations can illuminate philosophically important aspects of the mentalistic agent concept. i maintain that mentalistic agent is an essentialized concept (cf. gelman, in the essential child, 2003; keil, in concepts, kinds, and cognitive development, 1992) and that learning-theoretic considerations help explain why the concept is not tied to particular traits.
social_cognition	social disinhibition difficulties are common following traumatic brain injury (tbi). however, clinically sensitive tools to objectively assess the difficulties are lacking. this study aimed to pilot a new clinical measure of social disinhibition, the social disinhibition task (sdt). whether social disinhibition is dependent on the type of social information judgements required and whether disinhibited responses can be adjusted with additional guidance were also examined. participants were 31 adults (25 male) with moderate-to-severe tbi and 22 adult (17 male) healthy control participants. participants viewed scenes of complex social situations and were asked to describe a character in them (part a), describe a character while inhibiting inappropriate or negative responses (part b), and describe a character while not only inhibiting negative responses, but also providing positive responses (part c). one-half of the items contained a faux pas requiring participants to make inferences about a character 'smental state. tbi and control participants responded similarly to part a, although control participants responded less positively than tbi participants in the faux pas items. tbi participants were significantly impaired on part b indicating they experienced difficulties in inhibiting automatic responding. tbi participants were however able to adjust their responding in part c so that they respond similarly to the control participants. between group differences were not detected in reaction time. overall, the sdt appears to be suitable to detect social inhibition difficulties in clinical settings and provides a new direction for remediation of the difficulties in individuals with tbi.
social_cognition	we outline an evolutionary-embodied-epistemological (eee) account of intellectual arrogance (ia), proposing that people psychologically experience their important beliefs as valued possessions - mental materialism - that they must fight to keep - ideological territoriality - thereby disposing them toward ia. nonetheless, ia should still vary, being higher among people taking a hostile and domineering epistemic stance (rejecting reality, resisting evidence) than among those taking an open and deferential one (embracing reality, respecting evidence). such variations can be predicted from people 's standing on the communion-agency circumplex at multiple levels of analysis (i.e. from their social inclusion and status; dispositional warmth and competence; and behavioral amiability and assertiveness). using pre-validated indices of mental materialism and ideological territoriality, and an argument evaluation task permitting the quantification of rational objectivity and egotistical bias, we obtained consistent correlational evidence that, as hypothesized, ia is the highest when agency is high and communion low, validating the eee account.
social_cognition	the debate about direct perception encompasses different topics, one of which concerns the richness of the contents of perceptual experiences. can we directly perceive only low-level properties, like edges, colors etc. (the sparse-content view), or can we perceive high-level properties and entities as well (the liberal-content view)? the aim of the paper is to defend the claim that the content of our perceptual experience can include emotions and also person impressions. using these examples, an argument is developed to defend a liberal-content view for core examples of social cognition. this view is developed and contrasted with accounts which claim that in the case of registering another person 's emotion while seeing them, we have to describe the relevant content not as the content of a perceptual experience, but of a perceptual belief. the paper defends the view that perceptual experiences can have a rich content yet remain separable from beliefs formed on the basis of the experience. how liberal and enriched the content of a perceptual experience is will depend upon the expertise a person has developed in the field. this is supported by the argument that perceptual experiences can be systematically enriched by perceiving affordances of objects, by pattern recognition or by top-down processes, as analyzed by processes of cognitive penetration or predictive coding.
social_cognition	group ownership is ubiquitous-property is owned by countries, corporations, families, and clubs. however, people cannot understand group ownership by simply relying on their conceptions of ownership by individuals, as group ownership is subject to complexities that do not arise when property is individually owned. we report 6 experiments investigating whether children ages 3 to 6 (n = 540) understand group ownership. in experiments 1 and 2 children were asked who different objects belong to, and they appropriately judged that certain objects are more likely to belong to a group than to individual people. experiments 3 and 4 investigated whether children understand the limits of group ownership. children saw vignettes where agents modified or depleted property. children ages 3 and older understood that individual members of a group should not deplete group-owned property, and children ages 5 and 6 understood that individual members should not modify group-owned property. finally, experiments 5 and 6 investigated whether children understand the benefits of group ownership. children ages 5 and 6 judged that it is more acceptable for a group member to take group property than for a nonmember to do this, and children ages 4 to 6 judged that group members can take more group resources than can nonmembers. together, these results are informative about how children conceive of group ownership rights, and about children 's conceptions of groups.
seasonal_affective_disorder	background: distinguishing pediatric bipolar disorder (bd) from attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd) can be challenging. hyperactivity is a core feature of both disorders, but severely disturbed sleep and circadian dysregulation are more characteristic of bd, at least in adults. we tested the hypothesis that objective measures of activity, sleep, and circadian rhythms would help differentiate pediatric subjects with bd from adhd and typically developing controls. methods: unmedicated youths (n = 155, 97 males, age 5-18) were diagnosed using dsm-iv criteria with kiddie-sads pl/e. bd youths (n = 48) were compared to typically developing controls (n = 42) and children with adhd (n = 44) or adhd plus comorbid depressive disorders (n = 21). three-to-five days of minute-to-minute belt-worn actigraph data (ambulatory monitoring inc.), collected during the school week, were processed to yield 28 metrics per subject, and assessed for group differences with analysis of covariance. cross-validated machine learning algorithms were used to determine the predictive accuracy of a four-parameter model, with measures reflecting sleep, hyperactivity, and circadian dysregulation, plus indic 's bipolar vulnerability index (vi). results: there were prominent group differences in several activity measures, notably mean 5 lowest hours of activity, skewness of diurnal activity, relative circadian amplitude, and vi. a predictive support vector machine model discriminated bipolar from non-bipolar with mean accuracy of 83.1 +/- 5.4%, roc area of 0.781 +/- 0.071, kappa of 0.587 +/- 0.136, specificity of 91.7 +/- 5.3%, and sensitivity of 64.4 +/- 13.6%. conclusions: objective measures of sleep, circadian rhythmicity, and hyperactivity were abnormal in bd. wearable sensor technology may provide bio-behavioral markers that can help differentiate children with bd from adhd and healthy controls.
seasonal_affective_disorder	background: to assess the relationship between hours of sunlight and railway suicide attempts, 3-7 days before these attempts. methods: all railway suicide attempts causing railway suspensions or delays of 30 min or more between 2002 and 2006. we used a linear probability model to assess this relationship. this study was conducted at tokyo, kanagawa, and osaka prefectures in japan. data were collected from the railway delay incident database of the japanese railway technical research institute and public weather database of the japan meteorological agency, results: about 971 railway suicides attempts occurred between 2002 and 2006 in tokyo, kanagawa, and osaka. less sunlight in the 7 days leading up to the railway suicide attempts was associated with a higher proportion of attempts (p=0.0243). sunlight over the 3 days before an attempt had a similar trend (p=0.0888). no difference was found in sunlight hours between the clays with (median: 5.6 [iqr: 1.1-8.8]) and without (median: 5.7 [iqr: 1.0-8.9]) railway suicide attempts in the evening. finally, there was no apparent correlation between the railway suicide attempts and the monthly average sunlight hours of the attempted month or those of a month before. limitations: railway suicides were not the main suicidal methods in japan, conclusions: we observed an increased proportion of railway suicide attempts after several days without sunlight. light exposure (blue light or bright white light) in trains may be useful in reducing railway suicides, especially when consecutive days without sunshine are forecasted. (c) 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	studies which attribute markets' seasonality to sentiment assume that seasonal affective disorder (sad) creates seasonal fluctuations in risk-aversion which, in turn, affects prices. employing the variance risk premium (vp), we directly test for seasonality in risk-aversion. we find significant seasonality in the vp which is not explained by exogenous events, market-realized variance and returns and major macroeconomic variables. we use the number of people who actively suffer from sad to show that consistent with the sad hypothesis vp and sad are significantly positively correlated. international comparison reveals significant positive association between the magnitude of seasonally and the prevalence of sad.
seasonal_affective_disorder	an extensive body of research suggests the spontaneous eye blink rate (ebr) is a non-invasive indirect marker of central dopamine (da) function, with higher ebr predicting higher da function. in the present review we provide a comprehensive overview of this literature. we broadly divide the available research in studies that aim to disentangle the dopaminergic underpinnings of ebr, investigate its utility in diagnosis of da-related disorders and responsivity to drug treatment, and, lastly, investigate ebr as predictor of individual differences in da-related cognitive performance. we conclude (i) ebr can reflect both da receptor subtype d1 and d2 activity, although baseline ebr might be most strongly related to the latter, (ii) ebr can predict hypo- and hyperdopaminergic activity as well as normalization of this activity following treatment, and (iii) ebr can reliably predict individual differences in performance on many cognitive tasks, in particular those related to reward-driven behavior and cognitive flexibility. in sum, this review establishes ebr as a useful predictor of da in a wide variety of contexts. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	objectives: melatonin levels decrease physiologically with age, and possibly with the transition to menopause. the plausible influence of hormone therapy (ht) on melatonin is poorly understood. the aim of this randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial was to investigate the effect of ht administration on serum melatonin concentrations in late premenopausal and postmenopausal women. study design: analyses were carried out among 17 late premenopausal and 18 postmenopausal healthy women who participated in a prospective ht study in finland. serum melatonin was sampled at 20-min (21:00-24:00 h; 06:00-09:00 h) and 1-h (24:00-06:00 h) intervals at baseline and after 6 months with ht or placebo. main outcome measures: melatonin levels and secretion profile after 6 months of ht compared to placebo. results: mean melatonin levels, mean melatonin exposure level (area under curve, auc) and mean duration of melatonin secretion did not differ after 6 months with ht vs. placebo, irrespectively of the reproductive state. however, in postmenopausal women the melatonin peak time (acrophase) was delayed by 2.4 h (2 h 21 min) on average after 6 months with ht vs. placebo (p<0.05). no interaction between time and group was detected when melatonin level was modelled before or after treatment. conclusions: administration of ht to postmenopausal women alters melatonin peak time, but not melatonin levels. further research on larger clinical samples is needed to better understand the effects of ht on melatonin profile. (c) 2014 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	background: in our previous studies, we found that the ile394thr snp in the melanopsin gene (opn4) was functionally associated with the pupillary light reflex. this indicates the possibility that opn4*ile394thr is associated with other non-image forming responses. the aim of this study was therefore to determine whether opn4*ile394thr is associated with sleep/wake timing. methods: a total of 348 healthy japanese university students participated in this study. scalp hair was used to genotype the ile394thr snp of opn4. sleep habits, including bedtime, wake time and sleep duration, were assessed separately for weekdays and weekends. a total of 328 samples, including 223 samples with tt genotype, 91 with tc genotype and 14 with cc genotype, were used for statistical analysis. no significant difference in age or male/female distribution was found among the three genotype groups. results: there was no significant difference in circadian preference among the genotype groups. during weekdays, bedtime, wake time and midpoint of sleep for cc subjects were significantly later than those for tt and tc subjects. however, there was no difference between tt and tc subjects in any of their sleep habits. during weekends, bedtime of cc subjects was significantly later than those of tt and tc subjects, and the midpoint of sleep of cc subjects was significantly later than that of tc subjects. conclusions: our findings demonstrated that opn4*ile394thr is associated with sleep/wake timing. we also found that the sleep/wake timing of subjects with the cc genotype was later than that of subjects with the tt or tc genotype.
seasonal_affective_disorder	objective: to explore the effects of five-element music therapy on elderly patients with seasonal affective disorder in a chinese nursing home. methods: the patients (n=50) were recruited from a shijingshan district nursing home in beijing, china. they were randomly assigned to two groups, a treatment group and a control group, with 25 participants in each group. the patients received music therapy for 1-2 h each week over an 8-week period. the music therapy involved four phases: introduction, activities, listening to the chinese five-element music, and a concluding phase. the participants in the control group did not listen to the five-element music. this study consisted of two parts: (a) a qualitative study that used focus groups to understand the feelings of the patients with seasonal affective disorder; (b) a quantitative study that involved administration of the self-rating depression scale (sds) and hamilton depression scale (hamd) before and after treatment. results: (a) qualitative analysis results: strength derived from the five-element group music therapy and emotional adjustment. the five-element group music therapy can reduce patients' psychological distress and let them feel inner peace and enhance their life satisfaction. (b) no significant difference in sds and hamd scores was found between the two groups (p>0.05) prior to treatment. after treatment, the mean sds score of the control group was 49.9 +/- 18.8, while the treatment group 's score was 40.2 +/- 18.1. the hamd score of the control group was 11.2 +/- 3.1, and the treatment group 's score was 8.8 +/- 4.9. following 8 weeks of music therapy, the sds and hamd scores of the treatment group were significantly lower than those for the control group (p<0.05). conclusion: five-element music therapy alleviated the symptoms of, seasonal affective disorder in the elderly patients. (c) 2014 jtcm. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	this review of the sad hypothesis of kamstra et al. (2003), hereafter kkl (2003), isolates four new problems. first, the kkl (2003) statistical model does not test the kkl (2003) sad hypothesis. second, kkl (2003) do not properly interpret their results. third, kkl (2003) incorrectly specify the sign of the sad effect in the winter. the revised sad hypothesis is that hours of night have a negative influence on stock returns in the fall and in the winter. fourth, the statistical tests do not support either the kkl (2003) hypothesis or the revised sad hypothesis. (c) 2011 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
seasonal_affective_disorder	low serum vitamin d and increased parathormone levels were found to be associated with depression and stress in a wintering expedition of 20 healthy male subjects over a period of 1 year in antarctica. the continuous daylight during summer and the dark polar winter affect endogenous vitamin d production. long-term effects on bone health need to be studied further. purpose vitamin d plays a significant role in calcium and bone mineral metabolism and also affects cardiovascular, psychological, and cognitive functions. the ultraviolet b radiation component of sunlight, which shows marked seasonal variation in antarctica, influences the synthesis of vitamin d. depression and mood disorders are associated with this extreme photoperiod. in this study, we attempted to gauge the alteration of vitamin d homeostasis in antarctica and its effect on bone mineral metabolism and mood over a period of 1 year. materials and methods twenty male subjects who wintered over at india 's antarctic base maitri (70 degrees 45'57 '' s, 11 degrees 44' 09 '' e) from november 2010 to december 2011 were studied. fasting serum samples were collected at baseline, 6 months, and 12 months for serum 25-hydroxyvitamin d, intact parathyroid hormone (pth), total alkaline phosphatase (alp), calcium, and phosphate. beck depression inventory (bdi), positive and negative affect scale (panas x), and perceived stress scale were used to measure depression, affect, and stress. results mild vitamin d deficiency was present in two (10 %) subjects on arrival, which increased to seven (35 %) subjects during the polar winter at 6 months. the mean score on the bdi-ii screen for depression was significantly higher during midwinter (4.8 +/- 3.9) when compared with the baseline value (2.9 +/- 2.1). only 2/20 (10 %) of subjects met the criteria for minor depression. higher pth levels at 6 months correlated with a higher panas x score (p=0.021). the mean values of calcium, inorganic phosphorus, and alp were comparable during the course of the expedition. conclusion low light exposure during the dark polar winter, lower vitamin d, and increased intact pth levels were found to be associated with depression during 1 year of antarctic residence. the low dietary intake and decreased solar radiation exposure during the polar winter reduce serum vitamin d levels in otherwise healthy individuals, which suggests that supplementation may be necessary.
seasonal_affective_disorder	objective/introduction. there is a close functional and neuroanatomical relationship between olfactory ability and emotional processing. the present study seeks to explore the association between olfactory ability and social cognition, especially facial emotion perception, in euthymic bipolar patients. methods. thirty-nine euthymic outpatients meeting dsm-iv-tr criteria for bipolar disorder and 40 healthy volunteers matched on socio-demographic criteria were recruited. both groups were assessed at one time point with the university of pennsylvania smell identification test (upsit), the emotion recognition test, and the faux pas recognition test, as well as measures of general cognition and functioning. results. the bipolar patients showed a significant impairment in olfactory identification (upsit) and social cognition measures compared to healthy controls. analyses revealed significant relationships between olfactory identification and facial emotion recognition, theory of mind, general cognition, and a trend-level relationship with functioning. controlling for age and cigarettes smoked, relationships remained significant between olfactory function and facial emotion recognition. conclusion. there is a deficit of olfactory identification in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder that is correlated with a deficit in both verbal and non-verbal measures of social cognition.
person_perception	previous research has demonstrated that athletes displaying dominant nonverbal behavior (nvb) are perceived to possess more favorable performance characteristics and are expected to perform better than athletes showing submissive nvb. in the present study we used point light videos of a baseball pitcher displaying dominant, submissive, and neutral nvbs to show that this effect is mainly driven by the submissive condition. no difference between the neutral and the dominant condition was evident, suggesting that it is more important to avoid displaying submissive nvb instead of showing dominant nvb as neutral nvb already seems to lead to the impression that the athlete can handle the situation. the results show that nvbs expressing dominance and submissiveness are important early cues that affect the impression formation process in sport and the expectancy of success of the athlete observing this nvb. in addition, the results indicate, that further information about the ability level of the athlete might diminish this effect. performance consequences of the effect of nvb are discussed.
person_perception	clinicians make a variety of assessments about their clients, from judging personality traits to making diagnoses, and a variety of methods are available to do so, ranging from observations to structured interviews. a large body of work demonstrates that from a brief glimpse of another 's nonverbal behavior, a variety of traits and inner states can be accurately perceived. additionally, from these ""thin slices"" of behavior, even future outcomes can be predicted with some accuracy. certain clinical disorders such as parkinson 's disease and facial paralysis disrupt nonverbal behavior and may impair clinicians' ability to make accurate judgments. in certain contexts, personality disorders, anxiety, depression, and suicide attempts and outcomes can be detected from others' nonverbal behavior. additionally, thin slices can predict psychological adjustment to divorce, bereavement, sexual abuse, and wellbeing throughout life. thus, for certain traits and disorders, judgments from a thin slice could provide a complementary tool for the clinician 's toolbox.
person_perception	human faces, and more specifically the eyes, play a crucial role in social and nonverbal communication because they signal valuable information about others. it is therefore surprising that few studies have investigated the impact of intergroup contexts and motivations on attention to the eyes of ingroup and outgroup members. four experiments investigated differences in eye gaze to racial and novel ingroups using eye tracker technology. whereas studies 1 and 3 demonstrated that white participants attended more to the eyes of white compared to black targets, study 2 showed a similar pattern of attention to the eyes of novel ingroup and outgroup faces. studies 3 and 4 also provided new evidence that eye gaze is flexible and can be meaningfully influenced by current motivations. specifically, instructions to individuate specific social categories increased attention to the eyes of target group members. furthermore, the latter experiments demonstrated that preferential attention to the eyes of ingroup members predicted important intergroup biases such as recognition of ingroup over outgroup faces (i.e., the own-race bias; study 3) and willingness to interact with outgroup members (study 4). the implication of these findings for general theorizing on face perception, individuation processes, and intergroup relations are discussed.
person_perception	the 3-stage model of social inference posits that people categorize behaviors and characterize actors or situations effortlessly, but they correct these characterizations with additional information effortfully. the current article tests this model using developmental data, assuming that the less cognitively demanding processes in the model (i.e., categorization, characterization) should appear earlier in development, whereas the more demanding correction process should not appear until later in development. using 2 different paradigms, studies 1 and 3 found that younger children failed to take situational information into account while characterizing the actor. study 2 found that younger children failed to take dispositional information into account while characterizing the situation. in contrast, in these 3 studies, older children used the available information to correct their characterizations of the actors and of the situations. consistent with the 3-stage model, during elementary school years, children start to integrate additional information when drawing explicit social inferences. in study 4, children of all age levels used a prior expectancy to draw a dispositional inference, ignoring situational information, suggesting that characterizations based on prior expectancies about an actor are a highly efficient process, not contemplated by the model. the 4 studies together illustrate how developmental data can be valuably used to test adult socio-cognitive models, to extend their validity, or to simply further inform those models.
person_perception	the current study investigated ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmpfc) activity during impression formation of individuals varying on distinct dimensions of social status. in a block-design functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri) experiment, participants were presented with photographs of faces paired with a colored background indicating their lower, same, or higher financial status, or lower, same, or higher moral status. participants were asked to form an impression of the targets, but were not instructed to explicitly evaluate them based on social status. building on previous findings (cloutier, ambady, meagher, & gabrieli, 2012), a region of interest analysis revealed the interaction of status dimension and level in vmpfc, finding not only preferential response to targets with higher compared to lower moral status as previously demonstrated, but also greater response to targets with lower compared to higher financial status. the implications of these results are discussed with an emphasis towards better understanding the impact of social status on social cognition and uncovering the neural substrates of person evaluation. (c) 2014 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
person_perception	in order to ensure successful mating opportunities, it is critical that human perceivers accurately infer others' sexual interests. but how do perceivers achieve these inferences? for over 50 years, scientists have documented that the pupils dilate in response to sexual arousal. despite the potential importance of this cue for mate selection, however, extant data have focused almost exclusively on the perspective of the individual experiencing arousal. here, we demonstrate that outside observers exploit pupil dilation as a visible cue to others' sexual interests. we used reverse-correlation methods to derive facial images based on perceivers' mental representations of both state-based (sexually aroused, sexually unaroused) and trait-based (sexually promiscuous, sexually non promiscuous) markers of sexual interest. next, we explored the phenotypic features that differentiated these faces, specifically the dilation of the pupils contained within each reverse-correlation image. consistent with the notion that pupil dilation is a reliable cue to sexual arousal, sexually interested faces contained objectively larger and darker pupils than did sexually disinterested faces. moreover, these differences were perceptually obvious to naive observers. collectively, our results suggest that perceivers attend to an external cue - pupil dilation - when forming decisions about others' state-based and trait-based sexual interests. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
person_perception	asch 's seminal research on ""forming impressions of personality'' (1946) has widely been cited as providing evidence for a primacy-of-warmth effect, suggesting that warmth-related judgments have a stronger influence on impressions of personality than competence-related judgments (e. g., fiske, cuddy, & glick, 2007; wojciszke, 2005). because this effect does not fit with asch 's gestalt-view on impression formation and does not readily follow from the data presented in his original paper, the goal of the present study was to critically examine and replicate the studies of asch 's paper that are most relevant to the primacy-of-warmth effect. we found no evidence for a primacyof- warmth effect. instead, the role of warmth was highly context-dependent, and competence was at least as important in shaping impressions as warmth.
person_perception	spousal revenge killers murder their child apparently out of a desire to cause harm to their ex-partner, the child 's other parent. standard explanations of these killings fail to provide an adequate solution to what i call the problem of spousal revenge filicide. this is the problem of how a killer comes to take their rage at their former partner out on their own child and how that child can be dehumanized to the point of murder. although the dehumanization of the victim is acknowledged to occur, why it occurs is not well understood. here, i offer an hypothesis that the killer fails to represent their child as a moral subject with a mind of their own. this is due to a deficit in the killer 's capacity for person perception which is, by hypothesis, pathological. as such, the killer experiences the child as an object, rather than a person, which is of significant emotional value to the other parent. the specificity of this disorder explains why the ex-partner themselves is not targeted, and it explains how the killer is able to understand that killing the child will harm the other parent. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
person_perception	prior research finds that sexually permissive individuals are judged more negatively than nonpermissive peers, placing them at risk of social isolation. based on the positive assortment principle (i.e., preferences for similarity in attributes in close relationships), we examined whether participants' own permissiveness mitigated negative judgments of permissive others in the same-sex friendship context. college students (n=751) evaluated a hypothetical same-sex target with either 2 (nonpermissive) or 20 (permissive) past sex partners on 10 friendship-relevant outcomes. participant permissiveness attenuated some negative evaluations. however, preferences were rarely reversed, and no moderation was found in five outcomes, suggesting the role of permissiveness-based positive assortment is limited, and evolutionary concerns may take precedence. partial support for the sexual double standard was also found.
person_perception	on the basis of an integration of dual-process models of information processing and the lens model framework of person perception, we conducted two studies to investigate whether self-perceivers could detect their implicit disposition from video feedback of behavioural cues and whether these cues were used for explicit dispositional inferences under conditions that maximized the presumed self-perception process. using an approach that differed from previous research, we used the following: (i) a more detailed and stepwise self-perception procedure; (ii) a specific explicit measure compared with a global explicit measure; and (iii) disgust sensitivity as a domain with clear, unambiguous cues and an assumed low self-presentation bias. the results from two studies (n=117 and n=130) on disgust sensitivity provide the first evidence for the assumed process with regard to bodily reaction cues but not with regard to facial expression cues. these novel findings suggest that people can get to know their unconscious selves better if supporting conditions are met and the right behavioural cues are attended to. additional boundary conditions of this self-perception process were investigated using display rules and need for closure in study 2. copyright (c) 2013 john wiley & sons, ltd.
media_violence	there is a large amount of variables that need to be taken into account when studying the effects of violent content in digital games; one of those being difficulty. in the current study participants played a modified first-person shooter in one of four different conditions, with either high or low difficulty and high or low violent game content. we assessed number of kills and number of deaths as game performance. neither the difficulty nor the displayed violence had an effect on psychophysiological arousal during play, post-game aggressive cognitions, nor aggressive behavior. thus, this study corroborates previous research indicating that violence in games does not substantially influence human behavior or experience, and other game characteristics deserve more attention in game effects studies. in addition, findings showed that challenge manipulated by game difficulty is of main importance for post-game emotions: number of deaths predicted positive affect, but only in the low difficulty condition while number of kills was a positive predictor for positive affect and a negative predictor for negative affect. (c) 2015 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
media_violence	this study consists of the validation of a scale for the analysis of violent behavior in adolescents. it is a cross-sectional observational study. a total of 437 adolescent students from public and private schools in the city of recife in pernambuco state participated in the study by responding to a questionnaire. semantic and content validation was performed, followed by dimensionality, reliability, discriminant, trust and convergent analysis. the extraction method was principal component analysis with varimax rotation and kaiser normalization. the analysis resulted in a scale for assessment of aggressive behavior of teenagers with 39 items. seven factors were selected and cronbach 's total alpha was 0.830. discriminant analysis revealed groups of items that distinguish subjects between high and low level of violent behavior and between groups of items revealed a positive correlation among 17 items and the reliability of the instrument was confirmed in the retest. the scale revealed evidence of validity as a tool for assessing violent behavior among adolescents.
media_violence	cognitive, emotional, and arousal responses to violent games play a central role in theoretical explanations of how violent media may affect aggression. however, existing research has focused on a relatively narrow range of responses to violent games in experimental settings. this limits our understanding of whether and how violent game-induced responses relate to aggression in real life. to address these gaps, this study investigated how cognitive effort, emotional valence, and arousal in response to violent games relate to early adolescents' aggression, both cross-sectionally and over a period of one year. in addition, we investigated how a social context variable (i.e., family conflict) predicts these responses to violent games and subsequent aggression. a sample of 448 early adolescents (10-14 years) completed survey questions and media diaries that measured their responses to violent games. results showed that, outside the lab, a positive cross-sectional relationship between violent game-induced arousal and aggression exists. in addition, arousal mediated the relationship between family conflict and aggression. study findings justify increased research attention to media responses outside the lab and a need for further theoretical and methodological refinement. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
media_violence	the slasher horror film has been deplored based on claims that it depicts eroticized violence against predominately female characters as punishment for sexual activities. to test this assertion, a quantitative content analysis was conducted to examine the extent to which gender differences are evident in the association between character survival and engagement in sexual activities. information pertaining to gender, engagement in sexual activities, and survival was coded for film characters from a simple random sample of 50 english-language, north american slasher films released between 1960 and 2009. results indicated that sexual female characters were less likely to survive and had significantly longer death scenes as compared to those female characters who did not engage in sexual behaviors.
media_violence	this study applied social-cognitive models of aggression in order to examine relations between video game use and aggressive tendencies and biases in social information processing. to this end, 499 secondary school students (aged 12-16) completed a survey on two occasions one year apart. hierarchical regression analysis probed media effects and selection effects and included relevant contextual variables (parental monitoring of media consumption, impulsivity, and victimization). results revealed that it was not the consumption of violent video games but rather an uncontrolled pattern of video game use that was associated with increasing aggressive tendencies. this increase was partly mediated by a hostile attribution bias in social information processing. the influence of aggressive tendencies on later video game consumption was also examined (selection path). adolescents with aggressive traits intensified their video game behavior only in terms of their uncontrolled video game use. this was found even after controlling for sensation seeking and parental media control.
media_violence	background: the ability to recognize and respond appropriately to threat is critical to survival, and the neural substrates subserving attention to threat may be probed using depictions of media violence. whether neural responses to potential threat differ in down syndrome is not known. methods: we performed functional mri scans of 15 adolescent and adult down syndrome and 14 typically developing individuals, group matched by age and gender, during 50 min of passive cartoon viewing. brain activation to auditory and visual features, violence, and presence of the protagonist and antagonist were compared across cartoon segments. fmri signal from the brain 's dorsal attention network was compared to thematic and violent events within the cartoons between down syndrome and control samples. results: we found that in typical development, the brain 's dorsal attention network was most active during violent scenes in the cartoons and that this was significantly and specifically reduced in down syndrome. when the antagonist was on screen, there was significantly less activation in the left medial temporal lobe of individuals with down syndrome. as scenes represented greater relative threat, the disparity between attentional brain activation in down syndrome and control individuals increased. there was a reduction in the temporal autocorrelation of the dorsal attention network, consistent with a shortened attention span in down syndrome. individuals with down syndrome exhibited significantly reduced activation in primary sensory cortices, and such perceptual impairments may constrain their ability to respond to more complex social cues such as violence. conclusions: these findings may indicate a relative deficit in emotive perception of violence in down syndrome, possibly mediated by impaired sensory perception and hypoactivation of medial temporal structures in response to threats, with relative preservation of activity in pro-social brain regions. these findings indicate that specific genetic differences associated with down syndrome can modulate the brain 's response to violence and other complex emotive ideas.
media_violence	research on audience interest in violent media content is extended to include individuals' appreciation of certain types of violent portrayals as a meaningful and valuable reflection of reality. a sample of 482 german and u.s. adults aged 18-82 watched movie trailers that varied in pretest ratings of gore and meaningfulness, but were equivalent in suspense. as hypothesized, perceived levels of gore and meaningfulness interacted to predict individuals' reported likelihood of watching the full movie, such that a negative influence of gore on viewing likelihood was compensated at high levels of meaningfulness. these findings suggest that, in addition to other motivations such as suspense, some types of violent and even gory content might be sought as an opportunity for meaning-making.
media_violence	how do researchers talk to the media about the media? how is research about the media portrayed by those responsible for reporting objective findings? this article summarizes the efforts of the american psychological association 's public policy office on violence in the media in the late 1990s. by looking at the range of dynamics at play (school shootings blamed on popular music, rapidly evolving technology, a presidential campaign), this article explores the complexity of accurately representing psychological research in a medium where the findings could impact profits.
media_violence	the columbine high school shooting in 1999 prompted school officials and policy-makers to create and implement programs and policies that would prevent violence in school and ensure school safety. ten years have passed since the columbine shooting; however, debates concerning risk factors for the shootings continue to ensue. the focus of this article is to examine the columbine school shootings within the context of bronfenbrenner 's (1994) ecological systems analysis. we examine the most commonly identified risk factors, which operate within five systems levels: chrono-, macro-, exo-, mesa-, and microsystems, and draw implications for school-based practice and policy. (c) 2010 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
media_violence	since the twentieth century, studies have demonstrated the impact of media channels on their beneficiaries, especially children and adolescents. from the transmission of moving images, the concept of information rapidly expanded both vertically, through technological development and improved information quality in terms of details, and horizontally, by broadening the target audience. gradually, in the contemporary society the written press, television and radio have entered almost all the houses in various ways. the impact of mass media has evolved with technology, currently a large number of social events having the press as their trigger element. in this paper the authors start with a case study to illustrate the negative impact that violence conveyed through media channels can have on children and adolescents by generating or increasing their aggressiveness.
schizophrenia	all currently approved drugs for schizophrenia work mainly by dopaminergic antagonism. while they are efficacious for psychotic symptoms, their efficacy is limited for negative symptoms and cognitive deficits which underlie the substantive disability in this illness. recent insights into the biological basis of schizophrenia, especially in relation to non-dopaminergic mechanisms, have raised the efforts to find novel and effective drug targets, though with relatively little success thus far. potential impediments to novel drug discovery include the continued use of symptom based disease definitions which leads to etiological and pathophysiological heterogeneity, lack of valid preclinical models for drug testing, and design limitations in clinical trials. these roadblocks can be addressed by (i) characterizing trans-diagnostic, translational pathophysiological dimensions as potential treatment targets, (ii) efficiency, accountability and, transparency in approaches to the clinical trials process, and (iii) leveraging recent advances in genetics and in vitro phenotypes. accomplishing these goals is urgent given the significant unmet needs in the pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia. as this happens, it is imperative that clinicians employ optimal dosing, measurement-based care, and other best practices in utilizing existing treatments to optimize outcomes for their patients today. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
schizophrenia	auditory hyper-reactivity is a common sensory-perceptual abnormality that interrupts behavioral adaptations in autism spectrum disorders (asd). recently, prolonged acoustic startle response (asr) latency and hyper-reactivity to weak acoustic stimuli were reported in children with asd. indexes of asr and its modulation are known to be stable biological markers for translational research in the adult population. however, little is known about the stability of these indexes in children. thus, the objective of our study was to investigate the stability of neurophysiological asr indexes in children with asd and typical development (td). participants included 12 children with asd and 24 with td. mean startle magnitudes to acoustic stimuli presented at 65-105 db in increments of 10 db were analyzed. average peak startle latency (psl), asr modulation of habituation, and prepulse inhibition were also analyzed. these startle measures were examined after a follow-up period of 15.7 +/- 5.1 months from baseline. at both baseline and in the follow-up period, children with asd had significantly greater startle magnitudes to weak stimuli of 65-85 db and more prolonged psl compared with controls. intraclass correlation coefficients for these asr measures between both periods were 0.499-0.705. none of the asr measures differed significantly between the two periods. our results suggest that prolonged psl and greater startle magnitudes to weak stimuli in children with asd might serve as moderately stable neurophysiological indexes of asd. autism res2016. (c) 2016 international society for autism research, wiley periodicals, inc. autism res 2017, 10: 673-679. (c) 2016 international society for autism research, wiley periodicals, inc.
schizophrenia	this study investigated the relationship between childhood trauma, irritability, and emotion recognition, in schizophrenia patients during a psychotic break. thirty-six schizophrenia inpatients and 36 healthy controls were assessed with the irritability questionnaire (irq) and two facial emotion recognition tasks, the emotion discrimination test (edt) and emotion identification test (eit). patients were further assessed with the structured clinical interview for dsm ili-r axis ii disorders (scid-ii), the positive and negative symptom scale (panss), and the childhood trauma questionnaire-28 (ctq-28). edt and eit performance was significantly impaired in patients compared to healthy controls. furthermore, patients tended to misidentify sad, surprised, or angry faces as showing fear, and this misidentification correlated with the patients' irritability. childhood adversity increased irritability both directly and indirectly through emotion misidentification.
schizophrenia	background: mental health-related stigma is a major public health issue, and is an obstacle to the possibility for successful treatment, recovery, and reintegration.aim: to examine attitudes towards mental illness among employees in the social services.methods: the study design was part of a large randomized trial, and data presented in this study are baseline data from this trial. respondents completed a baseline questionnaire to assess the respondents' attitudes.results: a significant difference was found between employees' personal attitudes towards depression and schizophrenia. the same significant difference was found in the employees' perceived attitudes. furthermore, a significant difference was found between the employees' personal and perceived attitudes. a significant difference was found between the respondents wish for social distance towards depression and schizophrenia in all cases, except regarding the willingness to provide a job at one 's own workplace.conclusion: employees in the social services are comparable to the general public concerning attitudes towards mental illness.implications: the results indicate that the employees in social services could have great use of gaining more knowledge about mental illness and ways in which to recognize a mental illness, in order to be able to offer the right kind of help and reduce the treatment gap concerning people suffering from mental illness.
schizophrenia	objective: research on crime victimisation in the mentally ill has focused on middle aged cohorts with long-standing illness and functional disability. the rates and correlates of victimisation in young cohorts is largely unknown. methods: participants (n=776) were aged 12-25 years attending headspace centres in australia, who consented to a clinical interview and provided self-reported data regarding lifetime victimisation. results: a quarter of the sample (24.5%) reported crime victimisation, including 18.5% who experienced violent victimisation (mainly physical or sexual assault) and 14.1% non-violent crime. both forms of victimisation were associated with illicit substance use, sexual orientation, and young adult age, while male gender was specifically associated with non-violent victimisation. participants who reported violent victimisation were significantly more impaired both functionally and clinically than those reporting non-violent victimisation or no victimisation. conclusions: young people with mental ill-health are vulnerable to criminal victimisation, particularly violent assaults, although the lifetime rates of victimisation are substantially lower than those observed in older cohorts with serious mental illness. effective, early intervention to address modifiable factors may reduce the risk of further victimisation.
schizophrenia	background: although the quality of life (qol) experienced by patients with schizophrenia has been recognized, few studies have assessed the relationship between the caregivers' qol and patients' qol. methods: the study included 253 stabilized outpatients with schizophrenia and their caregivers from 3 mental health services in bolivia (n = 83), chile (n = 85) and peru (n = 85). caregivers' and patients' qol were respectively assessed using two specific qol questionnaires (s-cgqol and s-qol 18). we collected socio-demographic information and clinical data. multiple linear regressions were performed to determine which variables were associated with patient 's qol. we tested the following hypothesis using structural equation modeling (sem): caregivers' qol may have an indirect effect on patients' qol mediated by their influence of the severity of psychotic symptoms. results: in the multivariate analysis, the caregivers' qol was not significantly associated with the patients' qol, except for one qol dimension about relationship with family (beta = 0.23). among patients' characteristics, being a woman and aymara, having lower educational level, unemployment and severity of symptoms was significantly associated to a lower qol. the sem revealed a moderate significant association between caregivers' qol and psychotic symptoms severity (path coefficient = -0.32) and a significant association between psychotic symptoms severity and patients qol (path coefficient = -0.40). the indirect effect of caregivers' qol on patients' qol was significant (mediated effect coefficient = 0.13). conclusion: improvement of caregiver 's qol may have a direct impact on the psychotic symptoms of patients and indirectly on patient 's qol, confirming the need for ongoing family interventions in these regions.
schizophrenia	disruptive behavior disorders (dbds), inclusive of oppositional defiant disorder (odd) and conduct disorder (cd), are associated with outcomes likely to increase risk of mortality. using danish national registers, a total of 1.92 million individuals including 9495 individuals with ebds diagnosed by specialist services were followed from their first birthday to 2013. those with and without dbds were compared using mortality rate ratios (mrrs) estimated using poisson regression and adjusted for calendar period, age, sex, family history of psychiatric disorders, maternal age at time of birth, paternal age at time of birth, parental education status, and parental employment status. over the course of follow up, which totalled 24.9 million person-years, 5580 cohort members died including 78 individuals with dbds. the mortality rate per 10,000 person-years was 9.66 for individuals with dbds compared to 2.22 for those with no diagnosis. this corresponded to a fully adjusted mrr of 2.57 (95% confidence interval 2.04-3.20). comorbid substance use disorder and attention-deticit/hyperactivity disorder resulted in the highest mrr across all categories. these findings demonstrate the excess mortality associated with dbds.
schizophrenia	relatively little is known about patterns of school-based supportive services for youth with autism spectrum disorder. this study describes these supportive services and their correlates, both cross-sectionally and retrospectively, in a large sample (n=283) of 6- to 18-year-old youth. to assess whether special education designation and classroom placement patterns were peculiar to autism spectrum disorder, we also conducted analyses comparing youth with autism spectrum disorder to those with other psychiatric diagnoses (n=1088). in higher grades, the relative quantity of three common supportive services received by youth with autism spectrum disorder decreased, while total supportive service quantity remained stable over time. youth with autism spectrum disorder were more likely to receive a special education designation and were placed in less inclusive classroom settings than youth with other psychiatric diagnoses. these findings suggest that as youth with autism spectrum disorder reach higher grades, changes in service provision occur in terms of both time and quantity.
schizophrenia	since their discovery in the mammalian brain, it has been apparent that serotonin (5-ht) and dopamine (da) interactions play a key role in normal and abnormal behavior. therefore, disclosure of this interaction could reveal important insights into the pathogenesis of various neuropsychiatric diseases including schizophrenia, depression and drug addiction or neurological conditions such as parkinson 's disease and tourette 's syndrome. unfortunately, this interaction remains difficult to study for many reasons, including the rich and widespread innervations of 5-ht and da in the brain, the plethora of 5-ht receptors and the release of co-transmitters by 5-ht and da neurons. the purpose of this review is to present electrophysiological and biochemical data showing that endogenous 5-ht and pharmacological 5-ht ligands modify the mesencephalic da systems' activity. 5-ht receptors may control da neuron activity in a state-dependent and region-dependent manner. 5-ht controls the activity of da neurons in a phasic and excitatory manner, except for the control exerted by 5-ht2c receptors which appears to also be tonically and/or constitutively inhibitory. the functional interaction between the two monoamines will also be discussed in view of the mechanism of action of antidepressants, antipsychotics, anti-parkinsonians and drugs of abuse. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
schizophrenia	resveratrol, a caloric restriction mimetic, is a naturally occurring polyphenolic compound with antioxidant and anti-inflammatory properties. oxidative stress has been implicated in the etiology of a number of neuropsychiatric disorders including generalized anxiety and schizophrenia. this study investigated the anxiolytic and antipsychotic potentials of resveratrol in murine models of anxiety and schizophrenia. mice were pretreated with resveratrol (200 and 400 mg/kg) in 1% carboxymethyl cellulose for 14 days and subjected to behavioural tests on the 15th day. anxiolytic activity of resveratrol was determined using the hole board and staircase tests while its anti-psychotic property was evaluated via apormorphine induced stereotypy and swim-induced grooming tests. although resveratrol did not significantly reduce the mean number of head dips at doses used in the hole board test, it significantly (p < 0.01) decreased the mean episodes of rearing without significantly altering the total number of upward steps climbed in the staircase test. resveratrol significantly (p < 0.05) reduced the mean climbing scores in the first ten minutes of the apormorphine induced stereotypic climbing and significantly decreased (p < 0.01) episodes and total duration of swim induced grooming in mice. administration of resveratrol at doses used in this study produced anxiolysis and anti-psychotic effects in mice.
