affiliation_directed_animosity	-Corporate Power Solidfied: Bans. They don't have to allow any criticisms or differing opinions. Some of the biggest corporations that pull in hundreds of billions are literally controlling what you get to say and do online. And there's no situation where a corporation can be taken down by the law. CEO's for instance, will be caught purposefully suppressing certain points of view, they could ban all Republicans let's say. And not only will they not face consequences because "they're a private company they can do what they want", and "the first amendment doesn't apply to corporations", but that CEO will also be able to keep his job. Those who were banned? If they try to speak out, they'll be sued into poverty and be painted a liar and be under attack on social networking and maybe even in-person, and they'll have had to expose all of that trauma to the entirety of the American public, their family, their friends, etc. All for nothing. [linebreak]  [linebreak] ​ [linebreak]  [linebreak] -Individual choice Suppressed: What choices do people even have any more? This is a vicious socialist system that doesn't give a fuck about the working class. They don't even want to give us a voice. There's NO wage gap at all. You're treated like you're their bitch. But you're eternally accused of being misogynist or having internalized misogyny so you can't afford to fight back and keep your dignity by challenging them. And what can you do about it? Start a YouTube channel? You'll be banned so quickly for going against the narrative, your head will spin. [linebreak]  [linebreak] ​ [linebreak]  [linebreak] -Disdain For Intellectuals & STEM: They literally call science "white supremacy." That is TEXTBOOK fascism for fuck's sake... They hate facts, logic, reason, science, etc. Because a society run by those things would mean these demagogues and progressives would lose their power and control, and things would be forced to become more balanced and efficient, which would hurt the trust fund kids starting this fascist movement in the first place... [linebreak]  [linebreak] ​ [linebreak]  [linebreak] And fascists laugh at anybody who majors in STEM. They hate any new science study that goes against the narrative, and fascists throughout history politicize EVERYTHING, including science. They hate strong female leads in film now, black people or Mexican or gay people writing Young Adult novels or even TOO MANY of them in the cast in general because then it will be "fetishizing". They want it acceptable by their weird-ass standards or it's "white supremacy." Which is very bad when you consider: They think all forms of free expression are political... This implies that they feel they should have power to dictate if a study's political implication fits into their agenda, and if it doesn't, it should not be allowed to be published. (Luckily they're failing miserably at this... For now.) Them shutting down certain types of studies would have drastic consequences. And we need to look out for that. What if biology, chemistry, physics, and neurobiology, for instance would have gotten shut down the way radical left-wingers wanted it to be? Those are very important fields of studythat have done an amazing amount of good for our evolution as a species. [linebreak]  [linebreak] ​ [linebreak]  [linebreak] -Obsession With Hate Crimes & Abandoning due process: Oh, man... The VICIOUS voyeurism and love of witnessing suffering here is insane. Our media is trying to desensitize us to it, while at the same time make us view it as "honorable," and/or "necessary." To actually encourage us to be entertained by it. They insist that: [linebreak]  [linebreak] ​ [linebreak]  [linebreak] "It's immoral, and that that person is totally a victim of a system that led them down this horrible life path that resulted in them becoming a criminal.  They're just an oppressed individual who should have no accountability, and had no choice but to break the law. No, I can't prove that the system is oppressive... Or back up any of my other claims... And there are effective ways at reducing crime that don't abandon due process... But NO! I'm a fascist, and I don't believe that there's such thing as innocent until proven guilty! We're all problematic, and stuff! ESPECIALLY WHITE PEOPLE! White males, and Christians, and Jewish babies, and stuff! WHITE PEOPLE ARE ALL RACISTS! *Cultural Marxist chant "We will not be silenced by your violence" over and over again while fantasizing they're overthrowing the government and evil white men* [linebreak]  [linebreak] ​ [linebreak]  [linebreak] To them, this man is a saint who decided to fake a hate crime because he wanted to start a conversation... He thought that since he couldn't actually be a victim of a hate crime, he'd make one up so he could gain all the sympathy he garnered as if one actually existed. And maybe get an extension on his contract at his lucrative Fox show... But nope. Fascists don't like accountability one bit. Hence why he was allowed to get off scott free... Because abandoning due process = LESS accountability for those on their side.
affiliation_directed_derogation	In commemoration of the 10th anniversary of Minecraft's official release, I have decided to type this open letter to the Mojang staff, in the hopes that notch (who, despite being a moderator, I am not allowed to ping) might relay it to a Mojang employee or group of employees who he may still be in contact with (I could email it to them, but I doubt anyone would ever read it), however the sale of the company may have negatively impacted their relationship. Here is the letter: [linebreak]  [linebreak] Dear Mojang, [linebreak]  [linebreak] I am /u/ImJustaBagofHammers, a devoted fan of your game and active player on the official Minecraft of the subreddit that your own founder - who, if you are reading this message, most likely sent it to you - moderates. Though you have probably not heard of me, I have found it necessary to type this letter. I have been an avid admirer of and participant in your game, Minecraft, for many years. I have made great memories and developed useful skills in my escapades on both my singleplayer worlds and on various servers. I have played and made adventures maps. I was a devoted follower of many of the classic Minecraft YouTubers. I give sole credit to this game for my interest in engineering and in applied physics. It is because of the devotion of people such as myself that your game became the most successful the world has ever seen. Indeed, it is because I appreciate your game that I am so greatly distressed by its current direction, specifically by how it exposes your hypocrisy, apathy, unethical and potentially even illegal behavior, and contempt for the Minecraft community. To illustrate this point, I really could analyze any recent update, but I've decided to focus on 1.14 in particular. Though this letter's structure may seem disorganized, and its contents irrelevant, I hope that it, harnessing your piercing intellects, will be able to illuminate the problems of such aspects of the current state of your game as those of you who still have consciences have ignored. I will of course not comment on every last change or addition made in the update, and I will barely acknowledge the positive changes because, frankly, they are almost all very subtle and long overdue. Now, without adieu: [linebreak]  [linebreak] Playing through the latest update, I was struck by your hypocritical design philosophy. I noticed two particular examples of this; I will begin with the more benign (which I feel is probably the result of apathy), and then discuss the far more sinister one. The more harmless example is the new stonecutter block, whose model features a sawblade. You have rejected many suggested features (rightly, in my opinion), such as mining hats, for "not fitting with the Medieval theme of Minecraft". Why then did you add this? However, this issue is massively overshadowed by another; a new mob you added to the game is the fox. As an ambient mob, I quite like the fox. That said, I strongly object to the ability to take foxes. Foxes are frequently kept as pets, which causes them to live out depressing and anxious lives, as they, of course, are not domesticated animals. Why would you encourage children and even clueless adults to participate in this incredibly inhumane enterprise, especially considering that you yourselves removed the ability to tame parrots by feeding them cookies out of a concern for the wellbeing of parrots, and in this very update removed polar bears from the list of mobs required for the monsters hunted advancement? I can assume only that you have some financial interest in promoting the wild fox pet trade, which, if true, is quite disappointing. [linebreak]  [linebreak] The new update makes many changes to villagers and villagers, both by redesigning villagers and by adding a new mob: the pillager. As you are without a doubt aware of the changes, I will not bother to list them all here. I appreciate many of the quality-of-life changes to villagers, and I can tolerate the changes to villager profession selection (though it complicates some of my challenge maps); I take issue only with the changes to villager appearance. I admit that my objections are not wholly rational, but I wish there they retained their classic appearance in at least one biome. At any rate, the other visual changes surpass them in both consequence and malice. With regard to villagers, I take greater issue with pillagers. [linebreak]  [linebreak] I must admit that pillagers seem halfhearted. From the beginning, I was skeptical of "raider villagers", but I thought the idea might work as long as the raids didn't happen automatically without possibility of prevention (and indeed, they do not). However, I think there was a missed opportunity to make pillagers a new kind of villager rather than a new kind of illager. If they were villagers, they would be neutral to the player by default and players would potentially have the ability to ally themselves with them. In this case, they would also be mutually-hostile with zombies. You might say that you couldn't promote raiding in a children's game, but by the very design of Minecraft, the player is able to do heinously evil things; for example, it is possible to directly burn child villagers to death if you like. Therefore, I don't see how joining raider gangs would be much worse. You could even make the gangs take over settlements instead of indiscriminately slaughtering everyone (except the children, who can prolong a raid by several minutes as the pillagers wait for them to grow up so they can kill them, which could have been solved if you made them kidnap to raise them as pillagers) make it seem better. As it stands now, however, pillagers are simply a new enemy. While adding new enemies isn't inherently bad, I feel you could have done more. Lastly, it should be possible to exterminate pillagers from an area. Pillager patrols should spawn only if there is an active outpost in the area, and the pillagers in an outpost should have to rebuild their population by breeding or by raising kidnapped baby villagers. In the current version of your game, there is no way to eliminate organized crime if you try to create a civilization encompassing multiple settlements, and, since pillagers are automatically hostile, no way to travel without being attacked. [linebreak]  [linebreak] In addition to these things, you've added a new villager-like mob; the wandering trader. Though I admire its advanced AI and complex behavior, it should not have been added to the game. All it does is sell the player biome-specific items, which, since it always spawns near a player, eliminates the incentive to explore, a major and lauded feature of your game. I cannot imagine you really thought this would "help" players who didn't want to explore for resources; creative mode and commands exist for that. The only way it could conceivably be useful is on a large anarchy server where all resources within large areas have been depleted. However, because it always spawns next to a player, and there is a cap of one per world at a specific time, most players will never see it on a large server. [linebreak]  [linebreak] Now I would like to briefly comment on another new mob: the panda. I would find it quite peculiar that you spent valuable time making them one of the most complex mobs in the history of the game, having sets of alleles that combine to manifest as varying phenotypes, when they have practically no function, the only practical function, so far as I can see, is collecting slimeballs in peaceful difficulty (baby pandas sometimes sneeze in a reference to the long-dead internet meme and drop slimeballs as a result). However, I do not, for I believe I have the depressing answer; the People's Republic of China. You would be far from the first corporation to pander to China at the cost of the immediate value of your own property. The PRC is infamous for its use of "panda diplomacy" to improve its international image; I have to wonder if they worked out an arrangement with to ease their restrictions on Minecraft (which isn't outright illegal) in exchange with cooperation with this agenda. [linebreak]  [linebreak] The previous supporting paragraphs have avoiding directly addressing one of the most controversial and damning elements of the new update; the texture changes. In this paragraph, I will address it, along with another, comparatively minor, change. To the shock of many, you took it upon yourselves to completely redesign every last texture in the game (except for that of the creeper, which is preserved for being "iconic"). Yes, you did not make them the default (though you plan to from the next update onward), and currently have no public intention of making them mandatory without mods. Nevertheless, they are a window into your future plans for the game. It is obvious what you hope to achieve by changing the textures (with seemingly no support) from their iconic classic designs (which is so ubiquitous that most people can probably picture them in their head on command) to generic ones that, if I may be honest, make Minecraft look like a free-to-play mobile knockoff of itself. You want to make Minecraft into a bland, mobile-style game that any five-year old can pick up and play with for hours doing nothing of value. If the game's character, colored with the heart and soul poured into by its creators and which reflects the neurodiverse individuals who finally found an outlet in it, must die for this, then so be it. When you have had your way, Minecraft will no longer by a life-redefining experience that inspires those pushed to the edge by society to achieve greatness, it will no longer by a game in which thousands make creative and challenging puzzles and adventures for everyone to enjoy, it will no longer be a game that inspires artists and engineers; it will be game where children build models of penis out of TNT and laugh as they blow them up. To this end, you have redesigned the textures, simplified the game, and even changed the dye system, because usually ground-up bones for white dye apparently gave the game too much personality. You have made your contempt for the neurodiverse no secret; you even condescendingly renamed the classic textures to "programmer art". Its blatancy would be laughable if it wasn't so appalling. [linebreak]  [linebreak] With all that said, I should stress that your game is not beyond saving. If you wish to take my advice to heart, you must remove the sawblade from the stonecutter's texture and the ability to tame foxes (but may keep them as an ambient mob), make player-pillager relations more dynamic, remove the wandering trader, cut any illicit ties you may have formed with repressive regimes, and, last but not least, reverse the trend of "simplifying" the game. Thank you for reading this letter. I look forward to hearing from you in the future. [linebreak]  [linebreak] Cordially, [linebreak]  [linebreak] /u/ImJustaBagofHammers
affiliation_directed_counter_speech	Many stupid people are using the misquoted and invalid 40% statistic, so here goes. TL:DR; The 40% number is wrong and plain old bad science. In attempt to recreate the numbers, by the same researchers, they received a rate of 24% while including violence as shouting. Further researchers found rates of 7%, 7.8%, 10%, and 13% with stricter definitions and better research methodology. [linebreak]  [linebreak] The 40% claim is intentionally misleading and unequivocally inaccurate. Numerous studies over the years report domestic violence rates in police families as low as 7%, with the highest at 40% defining violence to include shouting or a loss of temper. The referenced study where the 40% claim originates is Neidig, P.H.., Russell, H.E. & Seng, A.F. (1992). Interspousal aggression in law enforcement families: A preliminary investigation. It states: [linebreak]  [linebreak] Survey results revealed that approximately 40% of the participating officers reported marital conflicts involving physical aggression in the previous year. [linebreak]  [linebreak] There are a number of flaws with the aforementioned study: [linebreak]  [linebreak] The study includes as 'violent incidents' a one time push, shove, shout, loss of temper, or an incidents where a spouse acted out in anger. These do not meet the legal standard for domestic violence. This same study reports that the victims reported a 10% rate of physical domestic violence from their partner. The statement doesn't indicate who the aggressor is; the officer or the spouse. The study is a survey and not an empirical scientific study. The "domestic violence" acts are not confirmed as actually being violent. The study occurred nearly 30 years ago. This study shows minority and female officers were more likely to commit the DV, and white males were least likely. Additional reference from a Congressional hearing on the study: https://babel.hathitrust.org/cgi/pt?id=umn.31951003089863c [linebreak]  [linebreak] An additional study conducted by the same researcher, which reported rates of 24%, suffer from additional flaws: [linebreak]  [linebreak] The study is a survey and not an empirical scientific study. The study was not a random sample, and was isolated to high ranking officers at a police conference. This study also occurred nearly 30 years ago. [linebreak]  [linebreak] More current research, including a larger empirical study with thousands of responses from 2009 notes, 'Over 87 percent of officers reported never having engaged in physical domestic violence in their lifetime.' Blumenstein, Lindsey, Domestic violence within law enforcement families: The link between traditional police subculture and domestic violence among police (2009). Graduate Theses and Dissertations. http://scholarcommons.usf.edu/etd/1862 [linebreak]  [linebreak] Yet another study "indicated that 10 percent of respondents (148 candidates) admitted to having ever slapped, punched, or otherwise injured a spouse or romantic partner, with 7.2 percent (110 candidates) stating that this had happened once, and 2.1 percent (33 candidates) indicating that this had happened two or three times. Repeated abuse (four or more occurrences) was reported by only five respondents (0.3 percent)." A.H. Ryan JR, Department of Defense, Polygraph Institute "The Prevalence of Domestic Violence in Police Families." http://webapp1.dlib.indiana.edu/virtual_disk_library/index.cgi/4951188/FID707/Root/New/030PG297.PDF [linebreak]  [linebreak] Another: In a 1999 study, 7% of Baltimore City police officers admitted to 'getting physical' (pushing, shoving, grabbing and/or hitting) with a partner. A 2000 study of seven law enforcement agencies in the Southeast and Midwest United States found 10% of officers reporting that they had slapped, punched, or otherwise injured their partners. L. Goodmark, 2016, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY LAW REVIEW "Hands up at Home: Militarized Masculinity and Police Officers Who Commit Intimate Partner Abuse ". https://digitalcommons.law.umaryland.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2519&context=fac_pubs [linebreak]  [linebreak]  [linebreak] This is a copy pasta.
