alzheimer's_disease	long noncoding rnas (lncrnas) are transcripts with low protein-coding potential but occupy a large part of transcriptional output. their roles include regulating gene expression at the epigenetic, transcriptional, and post-transcriptional level in cellular homeostasis. however, lncrna studies are still in their infancy and the functions of the vast majority of lncrna transcripts remain unknown. it is generally known that the function of the human nervous system largely relies on the precise regulation of gene expression. various studies have shown that lncrnas have a significant impact on normal neural development and on the development and progression of neurodegenerative diseases. in this review, we focused on recent studies associated with lncrnas in neurodegenerative diseases, including alzheimer 's disease (ad), parkinson 's disease (pd), huntington 's disease (hd), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als), multiple system atrophy (msa), frontotemporal lobar degeneration (ftld), and glaucoma. glaucoma, caused by unexplained ganglion cell lesion and apoptosis, is now labeled as a chronic neurodegenerative disorder [1], and therefore, we discussed the association of lncrnas with glaucoma as well. we illustrate the role of some specific lncrnas, which may provide new insights into our understanding of the etiology and pathophysiology of the neurodegenerative diseases mentioned above.
parkinson's_disease	the death of dopaminergic neurons is a major pathological hallmark of parkinson 's disease (pd). elevated iron within the substantia nigra of the pd brain is thought to catalyze this neuronal death through hydroxyl radical-derived oxidative damage. removing this excess iron presents a potential therapeutic strategy for pd. seventeen derivatives of the non-toxic iron chelator desferrioxamine b (dfob) were prepared by the conjugation of adamantyl- (1-4,8-12), deconstructed adamantyl units (5-7), norborna(e)ne- (13-16) or bicyclo[2.2.2]octane-based (17) ancillary fragments to the terminal amine group. the range of experimental logp values of 1-17 (logp = 0.15-2.82) was greater than water soluble dfob (logp -2.29), with the increased hydrophobicity designed to improve cell membrane carriage to facilitate intracellular iron sequestration. the first activity screen showed compounds with methyl-substituted adamantyl (1-3), noradamantyl (5), or 1-pentylbicyclo[2.2.21octane (17) ancillary groups significantly rescued iron-mediated oxidative stress in confluent pd-relevant sk-n-be2-m17 neuroblastoma cells (m17 cells) exposed to 1,1'-dimethy1-4,4'-bipyridinium (paraquat, pq) or h2o2. the second dose-dependence screen ranked 1-3 and 17 as the top candidates (ec50 similar to 10 mu m) in the rescue of pq-treated m17 cells. the ancillary fragments of 1-3 and 17 clustered in a region defined by a close-to-zero dipole moment, logp values of 2-2.8 and a surface area:volume ratio of 0.60-0.61. results of iron leaching studies indicate that the compounds may be operating via mechanisms beyond solely removing intracellular iron. the dfob conjugates with methyl-substituted adamantyl ancillary groups (1-3) were the top and most consistent performers in this class of compound designed for pd. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
sprains_and_strains	objectives: (1) to characterize the demographics and external causes of pediatric sports injury-related visits (sirvs) to emergency departments (eds). (2) to analyze the effect of race/ethnicity and insurance on sirvs to eds. methods: a stratified random-sample cross-sectional survey of eds in the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey was conducted from 1997-2001; for patients younger than 19 years, we used all visits [n = 33,654; injury-related visits (irvs) = 13,496, sirvs = 29901. we examined both the external cause codes and the actual verbatim text of all irvs. national estimates of pediatric irvs were obtained using the assigned patient visit weights in the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey databases and sudaan 9.1 software (sas institute, inc., cary, nc). results: sports injuries resulted in 2.5 million visits annually, or 23% of ed irvs. male sex, older age (6-18 years), and white race/ethnicity are associated with higher rates of sirvs. cycling, basketball, playground injuries, and football resulted in the largest numbers of ed sirvs. leading diagnoses for sirvs included fractures and dislocations, sprains and strains, open wounds, and contusions. hispanic race/ethnicity was associated with lower rates of sirvs across all insurance types. after controlling for demographic factors and insurance, hispanic children were less likely to have an sirv than white children (odds ratio, 0.7; 95% confidence interval, 0.6-0.9). conclusions: sports and recreation are the leading causes of pediatric ed irvs. hispanic children, regardless of insurance status, had lower rates of sirvs than white children, which helps explain the lower rate of nonfatal irvs to eds among hispanic youth.
cancer	background: signal transduction inhibitors (stis) have considerably improved treatment of advanced/metastasized renal cell carcinoma (mrcc). most safety data for these drugs are derived from clinical trials. the purpose of this study was to evaluate which adverse drug reactions are documented during first-line treatments in routine clinical practice. patients and methods: the ongoing prospective german mrcc clinical registry is recruiting patients in 110 oncology and urology outpatient centers. data from the first 250 patients who had completed first-line treatment were analyzed regarding adverse drug reactions (adrs) documented in patients' medical records. results: patients were older than in clinical trials and had comorbidities. patients were treated with the stis sunitinib (61%), temsirolimus (14%), sorafenib (10%), or bevacizumab combined with interferon (6%). about 520 adrs were documented, of which 29% resulted in treatment modifications. the most frequently affected organ system was the gastrointestinal system. the most frequently documented adrs were mucositis/stomatitis (14%), fatigue (14%), diarrhea (12%), and nausea (12%). conclusions: in routine practice, mrcc first-line treatments using stis frequently lead to adrs partly necessitating treatment modifications. the pattern of reported adrs is similar to that reported in clinical trials, but frequencies of events differ, especially for symptoms of multifactorial origin that are not immediately associated with the treatment. these results indicate that perception and documentation of adverse reactions is different between clinical trials and routine practice, and that reviews of patients' medical records might not be the best method to assess safety in routine practice.
sports_injuries	background: the middle genicular artery (mga) is responsible for the blood supply to the cruciate ligaments and synovial tissue. traumatic sports injuries and surgical procedures (open and arthroscopic) can cause vascular damage. little attention has been devoted to establish safe parameters for the mga. purpose: to investigate the anatomy of the mga and its relation to the posterior structures of the knees, mainly the posterior capsule and femoral condyles, and to establish safe parameters to avoid harming the mga. study design: descriptive laboratory study. methods: dissection of the mga was performed in 16 fresh, unpaired adult human cadaveric knees with no macroscopic degenerative or traumatic changes and no previous surgeries. the specimens were meticulously evaluated with emphasis on preservation of the mga. the distances from the mga to the medial and lateral femoral condyles were measured. the mann-whitney test was used for statistical analysis. results: in all specimens, the mga emerged from the anterior aspect of the popliteal artery, distal to the superior genicular arteries, and had a short distal trajectory toward the posterior capsule where it entered proximal to the oblique popliteal ligament. the artery lay in the midportion between the condyles. the distance between the posterior aspect of the tibia and the point of entry of the mga into the posterior joint capsule was 23.8 +/- 7.3 mm (range, 14.72-35.68 mm). there was no correlation between an individual 's height and the distance of the entrance point of the mga into the posterior joint capsule to the posterior superior corner of the tibia. conclusion: the middle genicular artery lies in the midportion between the medial and lateral femoral condyles. clinical relevance: this knowledge is important for the preservation of the blood supply during posterior knee surgical procedures and to settle a secure distance between the posterior aspect of the tibia and the mga input. this could decrease and prevent iatrogenic vascular injury risk to the mga.
senior_health	the wilmington senior center developed a 3-year multidisciplinary health and wellness initiative entitled the time of your life to promote healthy aging for participants attending countywide senior centers. the purpose of this paper is to describe the development and implementation of the evaluation methodology and outcomes of this senior health and wellness project that consisted of 11 programs in total. long-term programming can present several challenges in both implementation and evaluation, but assessing outcomes is critical to documenting program value and accountability. participant-completed surveys and post-series focus groups were utilized as the evaluation tools. our findings indicate that the program 's objectives of increasing knowledge and motivating adoption or maintenance of a healthy lifestyle were met to varying degrees, while a third objective of assessing the usefulness of resources to inform health-related decisions was unable to be evaluated due to the cross-sectional nature of the data collection. post-series focus groups indicated that topics of most interest to seniors were money management, medications and staying mentally and physically fit. the evaluations showed that long-term programming, while challenging, can be a successful and sustainable format for senior health education.
multiple_sclerosis	guillain-barre syndrome (gbs) is an acute inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculopathy resulting in severe impairments of many body structures and functions with consequent limitations of activities and participation. the aim of our study was to evaluate rehabilitation outcome in these patients. forty-five (20 women, 25 men) with gbs patients who had completed primary comprehensive rehabilitation were included in the study. medical research council scale for muscle strength was used for assessment of lower-limb function. patients' activities were assessed using the functional independence measure and two walking tests (6 min and 10 m). the patients were also described using an adapted international classification of functioning, disability and health checklist. assessment was performed at admission and at discharge. clinically important and statistically significant improvements were found in all outcome measures. strong and significant correlations were found between the outcome measures. international classification of functioning, disability and health coding also clearly reflected the progress. improvement in patients' activities increased statistically significantly with time for up to 3 months of rehabilitation. the outcome was not related to the time interval from establishing the diagnosis to the start of rehabilitation. hence, multidisciplinary care for gbs patients is effective, because clinically important and statistically significant improvements regarding body functions and activities are achieved during relatively short inpatient rehabilitation. copyright (c) 2017 wolters kluwer health, inc. all rights reserved.
hepatitis_c	traditional vaccination approaches (e.g. live attenuated or killed microorganisms) are among the most effective means to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. these approaches, nevertheless, have failed to yield successful vaccines against many important pathogens. to overcome this problem, methods have been developed to identify microbial components, against which protective immune responses can be elicited. subunit antigens identified by these approaches enable the production of defined vaccines, with improved safety profiles. however, they are generally poorly immunogenic, necessitating their administration with potent immunostimulatory adjuvants. since few safe and effective adjuvants are currently used in vaccines approved for human use, with those available displaying poor potency, or an inability to stimulate the types of immune responses required for vaccines against specific diseases (e.g. cytotoxic lymphocytes (ctls) to treat cancers), the development of new vaccines will be aided by the availability of characterized platforms of new adjuvants, improving our capacity to rationally select adjuvants for different applications. one such approach, involves the addition of microbial components (pathogen-associated molecular patterns; pamps), that can stimulate strong immune responses, into subunit vaccine formulations. the conjugation of pamps to subunit antigens provides a means to greatly increase vaccine potency, by targeting immunostimulation and antigen to the same antigen presenting cell. thus, methods that enable the efficient, and inexpensive production of antigen-adjuvant fusions represent an exciting mean to improve immunity towards subunit antigens. herein we review four protein-based adjuvants (flagellin, bacterial lipoproteins, the extra domain a of fibronectin (eda), and heat shock proteins (hsps)), which can be genetically fused to antigens to enable recombinant production of antigen-adjuvant fusion proteins, with a focus on their mechanisms of action, structural or sequence requirements for activity, sequence modifications to enhance their activity or simplify production, adverse effects, and examples of vaccines in preclinical or human clinical trials. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
weight_loss	weight loss surgery that mechanically restricts consumers' bodies to limit their food intake is booming in a context of globesity (world health organization). based on a foucauldian analysis, this study contends that self-transformative experiences arise from normalizing practices that the advocates of a repressive medical bio power overlook. this article problematizes the idea of resistance and normativity by emphasizing the existence of various forms of agency, not all of which are predicated on the term of resistance. the author proposes 'embodied transformation' as escaping docile embodiment versus embodied resistance (the negative view of subjectification as subjecting) to tell of normalizing practices that become a locus of discovery of creative potentialities within restrictive contexts. the study detects two types of agency. consumers' discourses are driven by a temporal or narrative structure vs. a spatial or connective form of becoming. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
low_testosterone	men with congestive heart failure (chf) have relatively low testosterone levels. several studies demonstrated that testosterone treatment increases cardiac output and reduces peripheral vascular resistance. however, the effects of testosterone on heart function, cardiomyocyte apoptosis and ventricular remodeling have not been fully elucidated. this study was conducted to investigate the effects of testosterone on heart function, cardiomyocyte apoptosis and ventricular remodeling in male rats post-myocardial infarction. a total of 86 male rats were randomly assigned to undergo ligation of the coronary artery (n=70) or pseudosurgery (n=16). after 6 weeks, a left ventricular ejection fraction (lvef) of 45% was defined as a successful model of chf. the model rats were randomly assigned to 3 groups, namely low-dose testosterone (tu), high-dose tu and placebo (pl) groups. after treatment for 12 weeks, the expression of several mrna transcripts in myocardial tissue was measured by quantitative polymerase chain reaction. immunofluorescence was used to measure myocardial caspase-3 expression. compared to the pl group, lvef was significantly improved in the tu treatment groups. moreover, the mrna expression of atrial natriuretic peptide, brain natriuretic peptide, matrix metalloproteinase-2 and sarcoendoplasmic reticulum ca2+-atpase 2a was significantly reduced, while the mrna expression of glycogen synthase kinase 3 and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2 was markedly increased in the tu groups. tu treatment also significantly reduced caspase-3 expression. therefore, different doses of tu suppressed ventricular remodeling and improved left ventricular function, reduced apoptosis and prevented mortality in a chf rat model.
fungal_infection	arginine is a semi-essential amino acid that affects physiological and biochemical functions. the cpa2 gene in yeast encodes a large subunit of arginine-specific carbamoyl phosphate synthetase (cps) and is involved in arginine biosynthesis. here, an ortholog of yeast cpa2 was identified in the rice blast fungus magnaporthe oryzae, and was named mocpa2. mocpa2 is an 1180-amino acid protein which contains an atp grasp domain and two cpsase domains. targeted deletion of mocpa2 supported its role in de novo arginine biosynthesis in m. oryzae as mutant phenotypes were complemented by arginine but not ornithine. the delta mocpa2 mutant exhibited defects in asexual development and pathogenicity but not appressorium formation. further examination revealed that the invasive hyphae of the delta mocpa2 mutant were restricted mainly to the primary infected cells. in addition, the delta mocpa2 mutant was unable to induce a plant defense response and had the ability to scavenge ros during pathogen-plant interactions. structure analysis revealed that the atp grasp domain and each cps domain were indispensable for the proper localization and full function of mocpa2. in summary, our results indicate that mocpa2 plays an important role in arginine biosynthesis, and affects growth, conidiogenesis, and pathogenicity. these results suggest that research into metabolism and processes that mediate amino acid synthesis are valuable for understanding m. oryzae pathogenesis.
diabetes	prolonged hyperglycemia activates the formation of advanced glycation end-products (ages). major dicarbonyl compounds such as methylglyoxal or glyoxal are found to be the main precursors of ages and n(epsilon)-(carboxymethyl)lysine (cml) found to be predominantly higher in the diabetic population. we hypothesized that phloretin from apple and [6]-gingerol from ginger inhibit formation of ages and suppress the receptor for advanced glycation end products (rage) via nuclear factor erythroid-2-related-factor-2 (nrf2)-dependent pathway. phloretin and [6]-gingerol were supplemented at two different doses to c57bl/6 mice on high fat diet or standard diet for a period of 17 weeks. phloretin or [6]-gingerol supplementation significantly reduced plasma glucose, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, ages and insulin levels. phloretin and [6]-gingerol also decreased the levels of ages and cml levels, via nrf2 pathway, enhancing gsh/gssg ratio, heme oxygenase-1 and glyoxalase 1 in liver tissue. these results suggest that phloretin and [6]-gingerol are potential dietary compounds that can alleviate diabetes-induced complications. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
parenting	although parenting is one of the most commonly studied predictors of child problem behavior, few studies have examined parenting as a multidimensional and dynamic construct. this study investigated different patterns of developmental trajectories of two parenting dimensions (harsh discipline [hd] and parental warmth [pw]) with a person-oriented approach and examined the associations between different parenting patterns and child externalizing problems and callous-unemotional traits. data were drawn from the combined high-risk control and normative sample (n = 753) of the fast track project. parent-reported hd and observer-reported pw from kindergarten to grade 2 were fit to growth mixture models. two subgroups were identified for hd (low decreasing, 83.0 %; high stable, 17.0 %) and pw (high increasing, 78.7 %; low increasing, 21.3 %). the majority of parents (67.0 %) demonstrated the low decreasing hd and high increasing pw pattern, while the prevalence of the high stable hd and low increasing pw pattern was the lowest (6.8 %). parenting satisfaction, parental depression, family socioeconomic status, and neighborhood safety predicted group memberships jointly defined by the two dimensions. children from the high stable hd and low increasing pw pattern showed the highest levels of externalizing problems in grades 4 and 5. children from the low decreasing hd and low increasing pw pattern showed the highest levels of callous-unemotional traits in grade 7. these findings demonstrate the utility and significance of a person-oriented approach to measuring parenting as a multidimensional and dynamic construct and reveal the interplay between hd and pw in terms of their influences on child developmental outcomes.
birth_control	endocrine-disrupting chemicals (edcs) in municipal effluents directly affect the sexual development and reproductive success of fishes, but indirect effects on invertebrate prey or fish predators through reduced predation or prey availability, respectively, are unknown. at the experimental lakes area in northwestern ontario, canada, a long-term, whole-lake experiment was conducted using a before-after-control-impact design to determine both direct and indirect effects of the synthetic oestrogen used in the birth control pill, 17 alpha-ethynyloestradiol (ee2). algal, microbial, zooplankton and benthic invertebrate communities showed no declines in abundance during three summers of ee2 additions (5-6 ng l(-1)), indicating no direct toxic effects. recruitment of fathead minnow (pimephales promelas) failed, leading to a near-extirpation of this species both 2 years during (young-of-year, yoy) and 2 years following (adults and yoy) ee2 additions. body condition of male lake trout (salvelinus namaycush) and male and female white sucker (catostomus commersonii) declined before changes in prey abundance, suggesting direct effects of ee2 on this endpoint. evidence of indirect effects of ee2 was also observed. increases in zooplankton, chaoborus, and emerging insects were observed after 2 or 3 years of ee2 additions, strongly suggesting indirect effects mediated through the reduced abundance of several small-bodied fishes. biomass of top predator lake trout declined by 23-42% during and after ee2 additions, most probably an indirect effect from the loss of its prey species, the fathead minnow and slimy sculpin (cottus cognatus). our results demonstrate that small-scale studies focusing solely on direct effects are likely to underestimate the true environmental impacts of oestrogens in municipal wastewaters and provide further evidence of the value of whole-ecosystem experiments for understanding indirect effects of edcs and other aquatic stressors.
heart_disease	background and aims: patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (fh) are often characterized by premature coronary artery disease (cad) with heterogeneity at onset. the aim of the present study was to investigate the associations of lipoprotein (a) [lp(a)] with the fh phenotype, genotype and roles of lp(a) in determining cad risk among patients with and without fh. methods: we enrolled 8050 patients undergoing coronary angiography, from our lipid clinic. clinical fh was diagnosed using the dutch lipid clinic network criteria. mutational analysis (ldlr, apob, pcsk9) in definite/probable fh was performed by target exome sequencing. results: lp(a) levels were increased, with a clinical fh diagnosis (unlikely, possible, definite/probable fh) independent of the patients status, with lp(a)-hyperlipoproteinemia [lp(a)-hlp] (median 517.70 vs. 570.98 vs. 604.65 mg/l, p < 0.001) or without (median 89.20 vs. 99.20 vs. 133.67 mg/l, p < 0.001). patients with lp(a)-hlp had a higher prevalence of definite/probable fh than those without (6.1% vs. 2.4%, p0.05). multivariate analysis showed that lp(a) and fh phenotype were both significant determinants in predicting the early onset and severity of cad. subsequently, patients with lp(a)-hlp in definite/probable fh increased significantly the cad risk (all p < 0.05). conclusions: lp(a) levels were higher in patients with fh phenotype than in those without, but no difference were found in fh patients of different mutated backgrounds. moreover, lp(a) and fh played a synergistic role in predicting the early onset and severity of cad. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
allergies	cannabis sativa (c.sativa) is well-known for its medicinal, industrial and recreational use. however, allergies in relation to cannabis sativa (c.sativa) are rarely reported. c. sativa is one of the common weeds found in pakistan and its pollen grains are common in spring and fall season. although categorized as an aeroallergen, there are limited number of reports regarding allergenic potential in c. sativa. therefore, the current study is aimed at exploring the ige-binding potential among the c.sativa pollen in local pollen allergic patients. initial screening of c. sativa sensitized individuals was carried out by dot blot from the sera of pollen allergic patients. proteins from the pollen grains were extracted and resolved on 10% gel. eight bands were visible on gel however only one protein fragment i.e. of 14kda size was found to bind to ige as analyzed through protein gel blot analysis. strong ige affinity of a 14 kda protein fragment from c. sativa pollen extract suggests its allergenic potential. further study is required to find the exact nature of this protein fragment.
menopause	objective: equol, an active metabolite possessing estrogen-like activity, is produced by the action of intestinal flora on soy isoflavones. there is an increasing evidence regarding its efficacy in the relief of menopausal symptoms, suppression of decreased bone mineral density, and lipid profile improvement. only those with equol-producing capacity, however, seem to benefit. thus, we examined the relationship between equol producer status and parameters associated with lifestyle-related diseases in women from their 20s to 80s. methods: this cross-sectional study was conducted among 743 women (21-89 y; average age: 52.5 +/- 11.8 y) who have undergone health screening at tokyo midtown medical center and given consent to participate in the study. the relationship between equol producer status and metabolic parameters was assessed. results: in our study, 236 women (32%) were equol producers. equol producers had significantly lower triglycerides and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels compared with nonproducers. equol-producing women in their 50s showed significantly lower body fat level, visceral fat area, triglyceride levels, pulse wave velocity, uric acid levels, and high sensitivity c-reactive protein levels. in addition, women in their 60s showed significantly higher levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. in multivariate logistic regression, for women in their 50s, equol production was significantly associated with lower arterial stiffness and uric acid levels, and a high ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid, whereas it was significantly associated with lower urinary n-telopeptides in their 60s. conclusions: equol producer status was associated with favorable metabolic parameters, in women in the early phase postmenopause, with the transitional periods noted with declining intrinsic estrogen levels.
emergency_contraception	since the development of combined oral contraceptives over 50 years ago, significant innovations have occurred in the domain of the progestin. evolving knowledge of progestin mechanism of action and physiology has allowed for development of novel progestins with limited steroid receptor cross-reactivity, decreased side effect profiles, and pharmacokinetics optimized for modern delivery systems. this review summarizes current knowledge of progestin physiology, modern delivery systems, and developments of progestin agonists and antagonists for contraception.
skin_care	there are conditions in dermatology that cause severe cracking and flaking of the skin, representing a failure of normal desquamation. several hygroscopic substances that affect the moisturization of the stratum corneum have been identified for the treatment of scaling disorders. prominent among these are polyols and alpha hydroxy acids. we elaborated a new pharmaceutical product that combines the biomolecules glycerol and ammonium lactate. the aim of this study was to evaluate the physicochemical stability and rheologic properties of the new skin care preparation.
myelofibrosis	mutations in the calreticulin (calr) gene are found in the majority of janus kinase 2-negative myeloproliferative neoplasms mpn and, thus far, have exclusively been reported as acquired, somatic mutations. we assessed the mutational status of exon 9 of the calr gene in 2000 blood samples submitted to our centre and identified 12 subjects (0.6%) harbouring distinctive calr mutations, all with an allelic frequency of 50% and all involving indels occurring as multiples of 3 bp. buccal cell samples obtained from these patients confirmed the germline nature of the mutations. importantly, these germline mutations were not diagnostic of mpn. we thus report for the first time the identification and confirmation of germline mutations in calr distinct from those somatic mutations that define classical mpn. the finding of a non-standard calr mutation with an allelic frequency of 50% should raise suspicion of the possibility of a germline calr mutation and these cases investigated further.
hypothyroidism	the activity of the hypothalamus-pituitary-thyroid axis (hpt) is coordinated by hypophysiotropic thyrotropin releasing hormone (trh) neurons present in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus. hypophysiotropic trh neurons act as energy sensors. trh controls the synthesis and release of thyrotropin, which activates the synthesis and secretion of thyroid hormones; in target tissues, transporters and deiodinases control their local availability. thyroid hormones regulate many functions, including energy homeostasis. this review discusses recent evidence that covers several aspects of trh role in hpt axis regulation. knowledge about the mechanisms of trh signaling has steadily increased. new transcription factors engaged in trh gene expression have been identified, and advances made on how they interact with signaling pathways and define the dynamics of trh neurons response to acute and/or long-term influences. albeit yet incomplete, the relationship of trh neurons activity with positive energy balance has emerged. the importance of tanycytes as a central relay for the feedback control of the axis, as well as for hpt responses to alterations in energy balance, and other stimuli has been reinforced. finally, some studies have started to shed light on the interference of prenatal and postnatal stress and nutrition on hptaxis programing, which have confirmed the axis susceptibility to early insults.
headache	objective: to investigate the common complications from the microsurgical treatment of large intracranial vestibular schwannoma (vs) via suboccipital retrosigmoid approach and to propose strategies for minimizing such complications. methods: we selected all patients with large unilateral vs from the collected database (1999-2013) who underwent microsurgical resection as their initial treatment for histopathologically confirmed vs. tumors larger than 30 chi 20 mm were defined as large. results: a total of 1167 patients with vs were included. gross total tumor resection was achieved in 1006 patients (86.2%). the mortality rate is 0.77%. the facial nerve was preserved anatomically in 1083 cases (92.8%), and the functional valuation of the facial nerve according to postoperative house-brackmann scale showed 423 patients (36.2%) in grades i-ii, 534 cases (45.8%) in grade iii, and 210 patients (18.0%) in grade iv-vi. the main short-term postoperative complication included new hearing loss (american institute of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery grade d) in 634 cases (54.3%), disequilibrium in 250 cases (21.4%), labial herpes in 127 cases (10.9%), meningitis in 115 (9.85%) and lower cranial nerve deficit in 77 cases (6.59%). follow-up data were available for 978 of the 1167 patients (83.8%). long-term complications include hearing loss (american institute of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery grade d) (75.8%), permanent facial paralysis (11.9%), facial numbness (10.9%), tinnitus (2.96%), chronic headache (2.25%), and taste disturbance (1.43%). conclusions: the key factors for reducing surgical complications include careful assessment of the functions of acoustic and facial nerves as well as a thorough understanding of anatomy via the retrosigmoid approach before operation, skillful microsurgical technique, and monitoring of multiple cranial nerves during resection.
overactive_bladder	introduction and hypothesisthe validity and reliability of measurement of urinary ngf as a diagnostic biomarker in women with lower urinary tract dysfunction (lutd) is uncertain. we aimed to evaluate both the diagnostic and discriminant validity, and the test-retest reliability of urinary ngf measurement in women with lutd. methodsurinary ngf was measured in women with lutd (n=205) and asymptomatic subjects (n=31). urinary ngf was assayed using an elisa method and normalized against urinary creatinine. ngf/creatinine ratios were compared between symptom subgroups using mann-whitney u test, and between different urodynamic diagnoses using the kruskal-wallis test. receiver operator characteristic (roc) analysis was employed to evaluate the diagnostic performance of urinary ngf. test-retest reliability of ngf measurement was assessed using intra-class correlation (icc). resultsurinary ngf was significantly but non-specifically increased in symptomatic patients when compared to controls (13.33 vs. 2.05ng ngf/g cr, p<0.001). on multivariate logistic regression ngf was a good predictor of patients having oab or not, however, the adjusted odds ratio only 1.006. roc analysis demonstrated poor discriminant ability between different symptomatic groups and urodynamic groups. using a cut off of 13.0ng ngf/g creatinine the test provides a sensitivity of 81%, but a specificity of only 39% for overactive bladder. the assays demonstrated good test-retest reliability with icc of 0.889. conclusionsalthough urinary ngf can be reliably assayed, and is increased in various lutds, it discriminates poorly between these disorders therefore has very limited potential as a biomarker. neurourol. urodynam. 35:944-948, 2016. (c) 2015 wiley periodicals, inc.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	introduction: colorectal cancer remains the second leading cause of cancer death in the united states, and new strategies to prevent, detect, and treat the disease are needed. the receptor, guanylate cyclase c (gucy2c), a tumor suppressor expressed by the intestinal epithelium, has emerged as a promising target. areas covered: this review outlines the role of gucy2c in tumorigenesis, and steps to translate gucy2c-targeting schemes to the clinic. endogenous gucy2c-activating ligands disappear early in tumorigenesis, silencing its signaling axis and enabling transformation. pre-clinical models support gucy2c ligand supplementation as a novel disease prevention paradigm. with the recent fda approval of the gucy2c ligand, linaclotide, and two more synthetic ligands in the pipeline, this strategy can be tested in human trials. in addition to primary tumor prevention, we also review immunotherapies targeting gucy2c expressed by metastatic lesions, and platforms using gucy2c as a biomarker for detection and patient staging. expert commentary: results of the first gucy2c targeting schemes in patients will become available in the coming years. the identification of gucy2c ligand loss as a requirement for colorectal tumorigenesis has the potential to change the treatment paradigm from an irreversible disease of genetic mutation, to a treatable disease of ligand insufficiency.
polycythemia_vera	polydatin (pd), a natural precursor of resveratrol, has a variety of biological activities, including anti-tumor effects. however, the underlying molecular mechanisms of the anti-cancer activity of pd has not been fully elucidated. the present study demonstrated that pd significantly inhibited the proliferation of the molt-4 leukemia cell line in a dose- and time-dependent manner by using cell counting kit-8 assay. pd also dose-dependently increased the apoptotic rate and caused cell cycle arrest in s phase in molt-4 cells, as revealed by flow cytometry. in addition, pd dose-dependently decreased the mitochondrial membrane potential and led to the generation of reactive oxygen species in molt-4 cells. western blot analysis revealed that the expression of anti-apoptotic protein b-cell lymphoma 2 ( bcl-2) was decreased, whereas that of pro-apoptotic protein bcl-2-associated x was increased by pd. furthermore, the expression of two cell cycle regulatory proteins, cyclin d1 and cyclin b1, was suppressed by pd. of note, the pro-apoptotic and cell cycle-inhibitory effects of pd were potentiated by janus kinase (jak2) inhibition. in conclusion, the results of the present study strongly suggested that pd is a promising therapeutic compound for the treatment of leukemia, particularly in combination with jak inhibitors.
atrial_fibrillation	atrial fibrillation (af) is an increasing burden worldwide. however, af prevention has not been emphasized enough in clinical practice or guidelines. in this paper, the authors review the associations of modifiable lifestyle factors, including alcohol abuse, smoking, physical inactivity, and unhealthy psychological stress, with the risk for af development. the authors also review the associations of cardiovascular risk factors that can be bettermanaged, including obesity and overweight, high blood pressure, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, and other cardiovascular diseases, with the risk for af. the conclusion is that a high proportion of af can be prevented by combining strategies, focusing on the high-risk population for better risk factor management, and emphasizing healthy lifestyle choices in the whole population. (j am coll cardiol 2017; 69: 1968-82) (c) 2017 published by elsevier on behalf of the american college of cardiology foundation.
smoking_cessation	electronic cigarettes (ecigs) use electricity to power a heating element that aerosolizes a liquid containing solvents, flavorants, and the dependence-producing drug nicotine for user inhalation. ecigs have evolved rapidly in the past 8 years, and the changes in product design and liquid constituents affect the resulting toxicant yield in the aerosol and delivery to the user. this rapid evolution has been accompanied by dramatic increases in ecig use prevalence in many countries among adults and, especially, adolescents in the united states. the increased prevalence of ecigs that deliver nicotine and other toxicants to users' lungs drives a rapidly growing research effort. this review highlights the most recent information regarding the design of ecigs and their liquid and aerosol constituents, the epidemiology of ecig use among adolescents and adults (including correlates of ecig use), and preclinical and clinical research regarding ecig effects. the current literature suggests a strong rationale for an empirical regulatory approach toward ecigs that balances any potential ecig-mediated decreases in health risks for smokers who use them as substitutes for tobacco cigarettes against any increased risks for nonsmokers who may be attracted to them.
lymphoma	a known hiv-1-positive intravenous drug user was found to be human t cell lymphoma/leukemia virus-ii (htlv-ii) dna positive by polymerase chain reaction but seronegative in a screening elisa. he was consistently dna positive but took 2 years to fully seroconvert. sequencing of the htlv-ii strain in his cultured t lymphocytes indicated that it is a prototypical type a strain with no major differences in the long terminal repeat dna sequence, nor major amino acid differences in the gag, env, tax, and rex proteins. however, a mutation in its pol gene created a stop codon at amino acid 543 of the pol protein, a region that encodes for the rnase function. this mutation may account for the subject 's slow seroconversion.
asthma	ion channels/pumps are essential regulators of organ homeostasis and disease. in the present review, we discuss the role of the mechanosensitive cation channel, transient receptor potential vanilloid 4 (trpv4), in cytokine secretion and pulmonary inflammatory diseases such as asthma, cystic fibrosis (cf), and acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards). trpv4 has been shown to play a role in lung diseases associated with lung parenchymal stretch or stiffness. trpv4 indirectly mediates hypotonicity-induced smooth muscle contraction and airway remodeling in asthma. further, the literature suggests that in cf trpv4 may improve ciliary beat frequency enhancing mucociliary clearance, while at the same time increasing pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion/lung tissue injury. currently it is understood that the role of trpv4 in immune cell function and associated lung tissue injury/ards may depend on the injury stimulus. uncovering the downstream mechanisms of trpv4 action in pulmonary inflammatory diseases is likely important to understanding disease pathogenesis and may lead to novel therapeutics.
bipolar_disorder	background: bipolar patients show high intra-individual variability during cognitive processing. however, it is not known whether there are a specific fluctuations of variability contributing to the overall high cognitive inconsistency. the objective was to compare dynamic profiles of patients and healthy controls to identify hypothetical differences and their associations with overall variability and processing speed. methods: changes of reaction times isd during processing speed test performance over time was measured by dividing the isd for whole task into four consecutive parts. motor speed and cognitive effort were controlled. results: patients with bd exhibited significantly lower results regarding processing speed and higher intraindividual variability comparing with hc. the profile of intra-individual variability changes over time of performance was significantly different in bd versus hc groups: f(3, 207)=8.60, p < 0.0001, eta rho(2)=0.11. isd of bd patients in the initial phase of performance was three times higher than in the last. there was no significant differences between four intervals in hc group. inter-group difference in the initial part of the profiles was significant also after controlling for several cognitive and clinical variables. limitations: applied computer version of cognitive speed test was relatively new and, thus, replication studies are needed. effect seen in the present study is driven mainly by the bd type i. conclusions: patients with bd exhibits problems with setting a stimulus-response association in starting phase of cognitive processing. this deficit may negatively interfere with the other cognitive functions, decreasing level of psychosocial functioning, therefore should be explored in future studies.
crohn's_disease	inflammatory bowel diseases are chronic conditions of unknown etiology, showing a growing incidence and prevalence in several countries, including italy. although the etiology of crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis is unknown, due to the current knowledge regarding their pathogenesis, effective treatment strategies have been developed. several guidelines are available regarding the efficacy and safety of available drug treatments for inflammatory bowel diseases. nevertheless, national guidelines provide additional information adapted to local feasibility, costs and legal issues related to the use of the same drugs. these observations prompted the italian group for the study of inflammatory bowel disease (ig-ibd) to establish italian guidelines on the safety of currently available treatments for crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis. these guidelines discuss the use of aminosalicylates, systemic and low bioavailability corticosteroids, antibiotics (metronidazole, ciprofloxacin, rifaximin), thiopurines, methotrexate, cyclosporine a, tnf alpha antagonists, vedolizumab, and combination therapies. these guidelines are based on current knowledge derived from evidence-based medicine coupled with clinical experience of a national working group. (c) 2017 editrice gastroenterologica italiana s.r.l. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	farnesoid x receptor (fxr) activation by obeticholic acid (oca) has been demonstrated to inhibit inflammation and fibrosis development in liver, kidney and intestine in multiple disease models. fxr activation has also been demonstrated to suppress the inflammatory response and to promote lung repair after lung injury. this study investigated the protective effects of oca treatment (3 or 10 mg/kg/day) on inflammation, tissue remodeling and fibrosis in the bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis rat model. effects of oca treatment on morphological and molecular alterations of the lung, as well as remodeling of the alveoli and the right ventricle were also evaluated. lung function was assessed by measuring airway resistance to inflation. in the acute phase (7 days), bleomycin promoted an initial thickening and fibrosis of the lung interstitium, with upregulation of genes related to epithelial proliferation, tissue remodeling and hypoxia. at 28 days, an evident increase in the deposition of collagen in the lungs was observed. this excessive deposition was accompanied by an upregulation of transcripts related to the extracellular matrix (tgf(31, snai1 and snai2), indicating lung fibrosis. administration of oca protected against bleomycin-induced lung damage by suppressing molecular mechanisms related to epithelial-tomesenchymal transition (emt), inflammation and collagen deposition, with a dose-dependent reduction of proinflammatory cytokines such as il-113 and il-6, as well as tgf-131 and snail expression. pirfenidone, a recently approved treatment for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf), significantly counteracted bleomycin-induced pro-fibrotic genes expression, but did not exert significant effects on il-1 beta and il-6. oca treatment in bleomycin-challenged rats also improved pulmonary function, by effectively normalizing airway resistance to inflation and lung stiffness in vivo. results with oca were similar, or even superior, to those obtained with pirfenidone. in conclusion, our results suggest an important protective effect of oca against bleomycin-induced lung fibrosis by blunting critical mediators in the pathogenesis of ipf. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
mental_health	this paper describes research on the design of behavioral and mental health facilities. using input from clinical staff, the purpose of the study was four-fold: to develop and test a tool for the evaluation of mental and behavioral health (mbh) facilities, to evaluate the importance and effectiveness of specific environmental qualities and features, to generate design guidelines for mbh facilities, and to make recommendations for future research. a draft version of a tool that was intended to measure the importance and effectiveness of environmental qualities and features in mbh facilities was developed using a multi methods approach. this survey, the psychiatric staff environmental design (psed) tool, was distributed to psychiatric nursing organization members (n = 134). the researchers determined that the psed was suitable for future research with minor modifications. other findings included staff support for private patient rooms, staff recognition of the critical role of positive distraction, and the importance of aesthetics. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
dementia	background. cognitive impairment is the gradual loss of one 's ability to learn, remember, pay attention, and make decisions. cognitively impaired elderly people are a challenging patient population for dental health care professionals and may be at higher risk of developing oral health diseases. the authors systematically reviewed interventions effective at improving dental health in patients with cognitive impairment and described research gaps remaining. types of studies reviewed. in a comprehensive search of multiple databases, the authors identified 2,255 studies published in the english language from 1995 through march 2016. the authors included studies if the investigators evaluated oral health measures after an intervention in patients 65 years or older with cognitive impairment or dementia. nine full-text articles met the criteria for inclusion. results. only 1 study was a randomized control trial, whereas all others lacked appropriate controls. investigators studied the effects of dental treatments, battery-powered devices for oral hygiene, and training of care staff members. most interventions improved some aspect of the oral health of patients with dementia, and results were more pronounced when patients required assistance while performing oral hygiene tasks or had poor oral health at baseline. conclusions and practical implications. a basic care plan for patients with dementia should, at the minimum, match prevention strategies recommended for healthy elderly patients. dental health care professionals should promote oral hygiene education for caregivers for elderly patients with cognitive impairment. there is a wide gap in knowledge regarding effective methods specifically to improve oral health in patients with dementia.
rheumatoid_arthritis	some evidences suggest that obesity impairs the effectiveness of tnf inhibitors. we examined the impact of body mass index (bmi) on the clinical effectiveness of abatacept in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) patients. this is a pooled analysis of 10 prospective cohorts of ra patients. all patients with available bmi were included in this study. the primary endpoint was drug retention of abatacept in the different bmi categories. multivariable cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (hrs) for drug discontinuation. a secondary endpoint was eular/lundex response rates at 6/12 months. of the 2015 ra patients initiating therapy with iv abatacept, 380 (18.9%) were classified as obese. obese patients had more functional disability, and were less often rf positive. the median abatacept retention time was 1.91 years for obese ra patients compared to 2.12 years for non-obese patients (p = 0.15). the risk of abatacept discontinuation was not significantly different for overweight (hr 1.03 (95% ci 0.89-1.19)), or for obese (hr 1.08 (95% ci 0.89-1.30)) compared to normal-weight patients. rheumatoid factor positivity reduced the risk of abatacept discontinuation (hr 0.83 (95% ci 0.72-0.95)), while previous biologic therapy was positively associated with drug interruption (hrs increasing from 1.68 to 2.16 with the line of treatments). obese and non-obese patients attained similar rates of eular/lundex clinical response at 6/12 months. drug retention and clinical response rates to abatacept do not seem to be decreased by obesity in ra patients.
osteoporosis	in this study, we evaluated the effectiveness of the osteoporosis self-assessment tool for asians (osta) in screening for osteoporosis in the elderly male population in the chengdu area, china. the lunar prodigy advance bone densitometer was used to measure the bone mineral density of 11,039 healthy males over the age of 40 years. men with osta scores of >-1, -4 < osta <=-1, or <=-4 , or were assigned to the low-risk, moderate risk, or high-risk group, respectively. the t-scores measured with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry at the different sites were compared across the groups. the bone mineral density of the lumbar spines l1-l4, the left femur, and other sites decreased gradually with age. with increasing age, the screening sensitivity of osta for osteoporosis in the lumbar spine and femur gradually increased, whereas its specificity decreased. the areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves for the osta index in different age groups and at different sites were 0.644-0.831. therefore, the osta index demonstrated some value in screening for osteoporosis in men over the age of 50 years. significant differences in its effectiveness were observed among different age groups.
medicare	objective : this 2009-2011 nation-wide study of adult koreans was aimed to provide characteristics, medical utilization states, and survival rates for newly diagnosed patients with primary nonmalignant and malignant spine tumors. methods : data for patients with primary spine tumors were selected from the korean health insurance review and assessment service database. the data included their age, sex, health insurance type, co-morbidities, medical cost, and hospital stay duration. hospital stay duration and medical costs per person occurring in one calendar year were used. in addition, survival rates of patients with primary malignant spine tumors were evaluated. results : the incidence rate of a primary spine tumor increased with age, and the year of diagnosis (p <= 0.0001). average annual medical costs ranged from 1627 usd (pelvis & sacrum & coccyx tumors) to 6601 usd (spinal cord tumor) for primary nonmalignant spine tumor and from 12137 usd (spinal meningomas) to 20825 usd (pelvis & sacrum & coccyx tumors) for a primary malignant spine tumor overall survival rates for those with a primary malignant spine tumor were 87.0%, 753%, and 70.6% at 3, 12, and 24 months, respectively. the cox regression model results showed that male sex, medicare insurance were significantly positive factors affecting survival after a diagnosis of primary malignant spine tumor. conclusion : our study provides a detailed view of the characteristics, medical utilization states, and survival rates of patients newly diagnosed with primary spine tumors in korea.
psoriatic_arthritis	objectives: we assessed the ability of patients with autoimmune inflammatory diseases to successfully use the investigational autotouch (tm) reusable autoinjector as well as patient preference for autotouch (tm) versus the currently marketed single-use prefilled etanercept sureclick (r) autoinjector. methods: two multicenter studies were performed: a home use study and a patient preference study. in the home use study, 77 patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra) or psoriatic arthritis self-administered etanercept once weekly for 5 weeks. the primary end point was successful self-injection of etanercept via autotouch (tm). the patient preference study was an open-label, randomized, 8-week crossover trial (4 weeks for each device) in 216 patients with ra or psoriasis (pso). the primary end point was preference for autotouch (tm) versus sureclick (r). results: in the home use study, the proportion of successful self-injections with autotouch (tm) during weeks 1 through 5 was 97.8% (95% ci, 96.3. 99.3). in the patient preference study, patients had a preference rate for autotouch (tm) of 41.7% (95% ci, 34.9-48.4) overall, 43.5% (95% ci, 35.5. 51.6) for patients with ra, and 36.8% (95% ci, 24.3. 49.4) for patients with pso. needle apprehension was not different at initiation of the autoinjectors, nor was there a difference between the injectors after 4 weeks. overall, patients preferred autotouch t for ease of self-injecting, ease of pressing the start button, ease of following injection progress, and certainty of knowing when the injection was completed. sureclick (r) was preferred for fewer steps and experiencing less injection site discomfort or pain. conclusion: the introduction of the autotouch (tm) will give patients a choice between two different autoinjectors for self-administration of etanercept.
addiction	objective: childhood maltreatment is widely accepted as a risk factor for drug addiction from adolescence to adulthood. however, the influence of childhood maltreatment on drug treatment related variables, such as drug abstinence motivation and self-concept, as well as self-efficacy, remains unclear. this study aims at exploring whether self-concept mediates the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation, as well as self-efficacy, among drug addicts. methods: this study involves 816 (550 males, 226 females, mean age = 34.59, range = 16-58 years) drug addicts from compulsory detoxification units. participants completed questionnaires, including the childhood trauma questionnaire 28- item short form (ctq- sf), tennessee self-concept scale (tscs), general self-efficacy scale (gses), and drug abstinence motivation questionnaire (damq). results: the structural equation model (sem) analysis, including total and specific forms of maltreatment scores, showed that childhood maltreatment was negatively associated with self-concept, self-efficacy, and abstinence motivation. self-concept was positively associated with self-efficacy and abstinence motivation. conversely, significant association between self-efficacy and abstinence motivation did not exist. an indirect analysis showed that self-concept mediated the relationship between childhood maltreatment and self-efficacy. critically, selfconcept arbitrated the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation. the indirect effect of self-concept between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation still existed when the total scores of maltreatment were replaced by the scores of specific forms of maltreatment. conclusions: these results demonstrated that self-concept is a critical factor in understanding the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation, as well as self-efficacy, among drug addicts. improving the sense of self-worth may be an effective intervention therapy among drug addicts with childhood maltreatment history. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
atopic_dermatitis	background: dedicator of cytokinesis 8 (dock8) deficiency is a combined immunodeficiency caused by autosomal recessive loss-of- function mutations in dock8. this disorder is characterized by recurrent cutaneous infections, increased serum ige levels, and severe atopic disease, including food-induced anaphylaxis. however, the contribution of defects in cd4(+) t cells to disease pathogenesis in these patients has not been thoroughly investigated. objective: we sought to investigate the phenotype and function of dock8-deficient cd4(+) t cells to determine (1) intrinsic and extrinsic cd4 1 t-cell defects and (2) how defects account for the clinical features of dock8 deficiency. methods: we performed in-depth analysis of the cd4(+) t-cell compartment of dock8-deficient patients. we enumerated subsets of cd4(+) t helper cells and assessed cytokine production and transcription factor expression. finally, we determined the levels of ige specific for staple foods and house dust mite allergens in dock8-deficient patients and healthy control subjects. results: dock8-deficient memory cd4 1 t cells were biased toward a t(h)2 type, and this was at the expense of t(h)1 and t(h)17 cells. in vitro polarization of dock8-deficient naive cd4(+) t cells revealed the th2 bias and th17 defect to be t-cell intrinsic. examination of allergen-specific ige revealed plasma ige from dock8-deficient patients is directed against staple food antigens but not house dust mites. conclusion: investigations into the dock8-deficient cd4(+) t cells provided an explanation for some of the clinical features of this disorder: the t(h)2 bias is likely to contribute to atopic disease, whereas defects in t(h)1 and t(h)17 cells compromise antiviral and antifungal immunity, respectively, explaining the infectious susceptibility of dock8-deficient patients.
digestive_health	the study investigates the effects of a post-weaning water restriction on performance, nutrient digestibility, carcass traits and meat quality of 84-day-old rabbits. a total of 1388 weaned rabbits (35 days) were randomly divided into two groups on the basis of bw and sex. the two groups were fed the same diets ad libitum both in the post-weaning (35 to 60 days) and fattening (61 to 84 days) periods. in the post-weaning period, one group (al) also received drinking water ad libitum, whereas the other (wr) had a water restriction from 35 to 41 days 2 h/day; from 42 to 48 days 2.5 h/day; from 49 to 55 days 3 h/day; and from 56 to 60 days 4 h/day. during the fattening period, both groups had water-free access. individual live weights and feed intake per cage were recorded weekly for 32 cages randomly chosen per group (64 rabbits) to calculate the bw gain, feed intake and feed conversion ratio (fcr). the apparent digestibility values of nutrients were measured using acid-insoluble ash. carcass data were collected from 16 rabbits (8 males and 8 females) per group selected for similar final bw in both groups. mortality from 35 to 60 days was higher in the al group (10.1% v. 5.2%, for al and wr, respectively, p < 0.0001). bw gain was higher for the al group during both the post-weaning (+22.4%, p < 0.01) and the entire period (+7.5%, p < 0.05). water restriction reduced feed intake both in the post-weaning (-17.4%, p < 0.0001) and in the entire period (-9.9%, p < 0.05). during the fattening period, fcr was lower for the wr group (5.15 v. 5.75 g/g, for wr and al, respectively, p < 0.05). the apparent digestibilities of dry matter, organic matter, ndf, adf and cellulose were greater in the restricted rabbits (+4.7%, +4.5%, +10.2%, +18.8% and +12.8%, p < 0.01, p < 0.01, p < 0.05, p < 0.01, p < 0.05, respectively). perirenal and scapular fat percentages were higher in the al rabbits (+30.7% and +116.6%, p < 0.01 and p < 0.001, respectively). water restriction increased saturated fatty acids (c16:0, +12.9%, p < 0.05), lauroleic acid (c12:1, +75.0%, p < 0.01), n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (c20:5, +50.0%, p < 0.01 and c22:5, +16.6%, p < 0.05) and the n-3/n-6 ratio (+28.6%, p < 0.05). the applied water restriction between 35 and 60 days executed during the winter months improved the digestive health of rabbits, with no negative effects on carcass traits, or physical and chemical meat characteristics. however, from the animal welfare point of view, a water restriction can be criticized as a method to restrict feed intake.
healthy_sleep	aims and objectives to explore sleep quality in infertile women and examine the factors that contribute to sleep disturbances during intrauterine insemination treatment. background sleep disturbance is an important factor of human health and well-being. sleep disturbances tend to occur among infertile women during intrauterine insemination treatment. although many studies have focused on the high percentage of somatic symptoms and psychological distress in infertile women associated with their treatment, few studies have investigated factors linked to their sleep disturbances. design a cross-sectional study. methods the study was conducted during the period of september 2010-january 2011 in a teaching hospital in taiwan. infertile women (n=117) who received assisted reproduction with intrauterine insemination treatment completed a questionnaire. demographic data, somatic symptoms, psychological distress and perceived sleep quality were collected. results more than one-third (35%) of the infertile women reported having sleep disturbances. their nausea symptoms and psychological distress were risk factors that contributed to sleep disturbance. conclusions the variables of nausea and psychological distress significantly explained 30% of the sleep disturbances in the infertile women. the evaluation of nausea symptoms and/or psychological distress among infertile women is an important area of future research; such research should aim to identify the best compromise between infertility treatment and sleep quality. relevance to clinical practice clinical obstetrics and gynaecology nurses should develop strategies to help infertile women reduce their nausea symptoms and psychological distress during intrauterine insemination treatment to promote healthy sleep.
anxiety	relationships with parents and friends are important contexts for developing romantic relationship skills. parents and friends may influence both the timing of involvement and the quality of romantic relationships. three models of the joint influence of parents and friends (direct effects model, mediation model, and moderator model) have been proposed. the present study uses data from a longitudinal study (n = 1012; 49.8% female; 81.1% caucasian) to examine how attachment and friendship quality at age 10 years predict romantic relationship involvement and quality at ages 12 and 15 years. the results supported the direct effects model, with attachment and friendship quality uniquely predicting different romantic relationship outcomes. the findings provide further support for the important influence of family and friends on early romantic relationships.
psoriasis	the relative genetic and immune protection against melanoma and nonmelanoma skin cancers in those with vitiligo is reassuring. the results of recent studies allow us to be cautiously optimistic when discussing the risk of skin cancer caused by therapeutic exposure to narrow-band ultraviolet b light. however, we should continue to recommend sun protection at all other times to avoid burning in vitiliginous skin and to decrease incidental ultraviolet exposure. it is also important to perform full skin checks regularly in light of the prolonged courses of phototherapy required to repigment vitiliginous skin and maintain repigmentation thereafter.
ankylosing_spondylitis	objective. neck pain is common in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and ankylosing spondylitis (as). we investigated the correlation of bone marrow edema (bme) on magnetic resonance imaging (mri) in ra and as and its association with clinical complaints of neck pain. methods. cervical spine short-tau inversion recovery-mri and t1w-mri of 34 patients with ra and 6 patients with as complaining about neck pain were obtained. clinical and laboratory data were available. bme was scored by 2 blinded readers using a modification of a published score, including various cervical sites. degenerative changes were also quantified. results. patients were predominantly women (82.5%), and mean +/- sd age was 57.5 +/- 11.8 years, c-reactive protein (crp) was 0.8 +/- 1.3 mg/dl, and pain score was 46.0 +/- 17.5. bme was detected in 24/40 patients (60%) involving the atlantoaxial region (21%), vertebral bodies (75%), facet joints (29%), and spinous processes (46%). degenerative changes were identified in 21/40 patients (52.5%), 13 (62%) of whom also had bme in vertebral bodies. no differences were found between patients with versus without cervical bme for clinical assessments: numeric rating scale pain (median +/- interquartile range) 5.5 +/- 3.0 vs 6.0 +/- 4.0 (p = 0.69), funktionsfragebogen hannover 68.2 +/- 41.0 vs 42.0 +/- 55.5 (p = 0.19), northwick pain score 44.4 +/- 21.8 vs 47.2 +/- 27.0 (p = 0.83), or crp 0.40 +/- 0.80 vs 0.60 +/- 0.66 (p = 0.94). for patients with degenerative changes, symptom duration was longer than for patients without (10 +/- 12.5 vs 5.0 +/- 18.0 yrs, p = 0.73). conclusion. in this small study of patients with ra and as complaining about neck pain, bme was found in many different cervical sites, including the facet joints and the spinous processes. however, the occurrence and severity of bme did not correlate with the severity of neck pain.
children's_health	introduction. the fractional concentration of exhaled nitric oxide (feno) is a biomarker of airway inflammation. repeat feno maneuvers at multiple fixed exhalation flow rates (extendednoanalysis) can be used to estimate parameters quantifying proximal and distal sources of no in mathematical models of lower respiratory tract no. a growing number of studies use extendednoanalysis, but there is no official standard flow rate sampling protocol. in this paper, we provide information for study planning by deriving theoretically optimal flow rate sampling designs. methods. first, we reviewed previously published designs. then, under a nonlinear regression framework for estimating no parameters in the steady-state two compartment model of no, we identified unbiased optimal four flow rate designs (within the range of 10-400 ml s(-1)) using theoretical derivations and simulation studies. optimality criteria included no parameter standard errors (ses). asimulation study was used to estimate sample sizes required to detect associations with no parameters estimated from studies with different designs. results. most designs (77%) were unbiased. noparameter ses were smaller for designs with: more target flows, more replicate maneuvers per target flow, and a larger range of target flows. high flows were most important for estimating alveolar no concentration, while low flows were most important for the proximal no parameters. the southern california children 's health study design (30, 50, 100 and 300 ml s(-1)) had. 1.8 fold larger ses and required 1.1-3.2 fold more subjects to detect the association of a determinant with each no parameter as compared to an optimal design of 10, 50, 100 and 400 ml s(-1). conclusions. there is a class of reasonable flow rate sampling designs with good theoretical performance. in practice, designs should be selected to balance the tradeoffs between optimality and feasibility of the flow range and total number of maneuvers.
stress_management	objective: this study assessed positive changes in patients with advanced colorectal cancer and their family caregivers following diagnosis. we compared self-reported positive changes within patient-caregiver dyads as well as self-reports and patient reports of positive changes in caregivers. design: individual, semi-structured qualitative interviews were conducted with 23 patients with advanced colorectal cancer and 23 caregivers. a theoretical thematic analysis of interview transcripts was framed by posttraumatic growth theory. results: patients and caregivers described five positive changes: closer relationships with others, greater appreciation of life, clarifying life priorities, increased faith, and more empathy for others. additionally, only caregivers reported better health habits following the cancer diagnosis, and a minority of patients and caregivers reported no positive changes. in about half of cases, patients reported at least one positive change that was identical to that of their caregiver. however, in most cases, patient and caregiver reports of the caregiver 's positive change were discrepant. conclusion: findings suggest that positive changes are a shared experience for many patient-caregiver dyads and obtaining both patient and caregiver reports of caregiver positive changes provides a more comprehensive understanding of their experience. interventions may capitalise on positive changes to promote meaningful living in the context of advanced cancer.
hiv_aids	background: due to the popularity of public service announcements (psas), as well as the broader health and social harms associated with illicit drug use, this study sought to investigate how drug prevention messages found in the government of canada 's drugsnot4me campaign were understood, experienced, and engaged with among a group of street-involved young people in vancouver, canada. methods: qualitative interviews were conducted with 25 individuals enrolled in the at-risk youth study, and a thematic analysis was conducted. results: findings indicate that the campaign 's messages neither resonated with ""at-risk youth"", nor provided information or resources for support. in some cases, the messaging exacerbated the social suffering experienced by these individuals. conclusions: this study underscores the importance of rigorous evaluation of psas and the need to consider diverting funds allocated to drug prevention campaigns to social services that can meaningfully address the structural drivers of drug-related harms among vulnerable youth populations.
migraine	objectiveto investigate differences in topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps of the scalp between patients with migraine and healthy controls considering the chronicity (episodic/chronic) and side (strictly unilateral/bilateral) of the symptoms. backgroundit seems that the trigeminal area is sensitized in migraine. no study has investigated topographical pressure sensitivity maps of the scalp in patients with migraine. methodspressure pain thresholds (ppts) were assessed from 21 points distributed over the scalp in 86 patients with episodic migraine, 76 with chronic migraine, and 42 healthy age and matched healthy controls in a blinded design. topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps based on interpolation of the ppts were constructed. clinical features of migraine, anxiety, and depression (hospital anxiety and depression scale, hads) were collected. resultsthe multivariate ancova revealed significant differences in ppt between points (f=55.674; p.417). an anterior to posterior gradient was found, with the lowest ppts located in frontal regions and the highest ppts in occipital areas (all groups, p<.001). conclusionswe found that patients with migraine exhibited generalized pressure pain hypersensitivity in the head as compared to healthy controls and that hypersensitivity was similar between episodic/chronic and unilateral/bilateral migraine. topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps revealed an anterior to posterior gradient of pressure pain sensitivity in both migraine and control groups.
osteoarthritis	the emerging field of precision medicine emphasizes an individualized approach to prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disease. using information from an individual 's genetics, environment and lifestyle, epigenetics, and other fields in precision medicine, practitioners can maximize resources by targeting pathology and human performance on the molecular level. however, practitioners may not be aware of topics within this field. therefore, the purpose of this review is to introduce basic concepts in precision medicine to highlight their potential application to sports medicine and performance enhancement. this review provides practical suggestions for implementation of some currently available precision medicine concepts in sport.
hereditary_angioedema	we report the case of a young boy with recurrent facial edema from his third year of life, diagnosed later with hereditary angio edema (hae), who died of severe fatal laryngeal attack at the age of eleven. the father had milder hae attacks until the age of 30, when he was diagnosed with systemic lupus erithematosus and the oldest brother has recurrent abdominal pain attacks, with long asymptomatic period. family history revealed another three members who died suffocated at different ages, without any diagnosis.the death of the young boy happened in a small hospital two hours after admission, while few ineffective procedures were performed. we consider that hae severity and fatality risk were underestimated by medical staff and the fatal outcome of hae attack in the youngest child could have been possibly prevented in a better equipped medical unit. this case highlights the need to raise the profile of hae within the medical community and to improve prophylaxis and treatment of this potential fatal disease.
kidney_health	background: diet can affect kidney health through its effects on inflammation. objective: we tested whether the adapted dietary inflammatory index (adii) is associated with kidney function and whether effects of diet on chronic low-grade inflammation explain this association. methods: this was an observational analysis in 1942 elderly community-dwelling participants aged 70-71 y from 2 independent cohorts: the uppsala longitudinal study of adult men (n = 1097 men) and the prospective investigation of vasculature in uppsala seniors (n = 845 men and women). the adii was calculated from 7-d food records, combining putatively proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects of nutrients, vitamins, and trace elements. the adii was validated against serum c-reactive protein (crp) concentrations. the estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) was assessed from serum cystatin c (cys) and creatinine (crea). associations between the adii and egfr were investigated, and crp was considered to be a mediator. results: in adjusted analysis, a 1-sd higher adii was associated with higher crp (beta: 6%, 95% cl: 1%, 10%; p= 0.01) and lower egfr [chronic kidney disease epidemiology collaboration (ckd-epi)(cys): -2.1%, 95% cl: -3.2%, -1.1%; ckd-epi(cys+crea): -1.8%; 95% cl: -2.7%, -0.9%; both p < 0.001]. crp was also inversely associated with egfr. mediation analyses showed that of the total effect of the adii on kidney function, 15% and 17% (for ckd-epicys+crea and ckd-epicys equations, respectively) were explained/mediated by serum crp. findings were similar when each cohort was analyzed separately. conclusions: a proinflammatory diet was associated with systemic inflammation as well as with reduced kidney function in a combined analysis of 2 community-based cohorts of elderly individuals. our results also suggest systemic inflammation to be one potential pathway through which this dietary pattern is linked to kidney function.
autism	microglia can shift into different complex morphologies depending on the microenvironment of the central nervous system (cns). the distinct morphologies correlate with specific functions and can indicate the pathophysiological state of the cns. previous postmortem studies of autism spectrum disorder (asd) showed neuroinflammation in asd indicated by increased microglial density. these changes in the microglia density can be accompanied by changes in microglia phenotype but the individual contribution of different microglia phenotypes to the pathophysiology of asd remains unclear. here, we used an unbiased stereological approach to quantify six structurally and functionally distinct microglia phenotypes in postmortem human temporal cortex, which were immuno-stained with ibal. the total density of all microglia phenotypes did not differ between asd donors and typically developing individual donors. however, there was a significant decrease in ramified microglia in both gray matter and white matter of asd, and a significant increase in primed microglia in gray matter of asd compared to typically developing individuals. this increase in primed microglia showed a positive correlation with donor age in both gray matter and white of asd, but not in typically developing individuals. our results provide evidence of a shift in microglial phenotype that may indicate impaired synaptic plasticity and a chronic vulnerability to exaggerated immune responses. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
