alzheimer's_disease	long noncoding rnas (lncrnas) are transcripts with low protein-coding potential but occupy a large part of transcriptional output. their roles include regulating gene expression at the epigenetic, transcriptional, and post-transcriptional level in cellular homeostasis. however, lncrna studies are still in their infancy and the functions of the vast majority of lncrna transcripts remain unknown. it is generally known that the function of the human nervous system largely relies on the precise regulation of gene expression. various studies have shown that lncrnas have a significant impact on normal neural development and on the development and progression of neurodegenerative diseases. in this review, we focused on recent studies associated with lncrnas in neurodegenerative diseases, including alzheimer 's disease (ad), parkinson 's disease (pd), huntington 's disease (hd), amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als), multiple system atrophy (msa), frontotemporal lobar degeneration (ftld), and glaucoma. glaucoma, caused by unexplained ganglion cell lesion and apoptosis, is now labeled as a chronic neurodegenerative disorder [1], and therefore, we discussed the association of lncrnas with glaucoma as well. we illustrate the role of some specific lncrnas, which may provide new insights into our understanding of the etiology and pathophysiology of the neurodegenerative diseases mentioned above.
alzheimer's_disease	the formation of soluble oligomers of amyloid beta 42 and 40 (a beta 42, a beta 40) is the initial event in the pathogenesis of alzheimer 's disease (ad). based on previous systematic proline replacement and solid-state nmr, we proposed a toxic dimer structure of a beta 42, a highly aggregative alloform, with a turn at positions 22 and 23, and a hydrophobic core in the c-terminal region. however, in addition to a beta 42, a beta 40 dimers can also contribute to ad progression because of the more abundance of a beta 40 monomer in biological fluids. here, we describe the synthesis and characterization of three dimer models of the toxic-conformation constrained e22p-a beta 40 using l,l-2,6-diaminopimeric acid (dap) or l,l-2,8diaminoazelaic acid (daz) linker at position 30, which is incorporated into the intermolecular parallel beta-sheet region, and dap at position 38 in the c-terminal hydrophobic core. e22p-a3odap-a beta 40 dimer (1) and e22p-a3odaz-a beta 40 dimer (2) existed mainly in oligomeric states even after 2 weeks incubation without forming fibrils, unlike the corresponding monomer. their neurotoxicity toward sh-sy5y neuroblastoma cells was very weak. in contrast, e22p-g38dap-a beta 40 dimer (3) formed beta-sheet rich oligomeric aggregates, and exhibited more potent neurotoxicity than the corresponding monomer. ion mobility mass spectrometry suggested that high molecular-weight oligomers (12-24-mer) of 3 form, but not for 1 and 2 after 4 h incubation. these findings indicate that formation of the hydrophobic core at the c-terminus, rather than intermolecular parallel beta-sheet, triggers the formation of toxic a beta oligomers. compound 3 may be a suitable model for studying the etiology of alzheimer 's disease.
alzheimer's_disease	available cholinergic drugs for treating alzheimer 's disease (ad) provide modest symptomatic benefit. we hypothesized that co-administration of a peripheral anticholinergic to reduce dose-limiting adverse effects (aes) would enable the safe/tolerable use of higher cholinesterase inhibitor doses and thus improve their antidementia efficacy. a modified single-blind, ascending-dose, phase iia study of donepezil plus solifenacin (cpc-201) lasting 26 weeks was conducted in 41 patients with probable ad of moderate severity. entry criteria included the use of donepezil at a dose of 10 mg/day during the preceding 3 months. the primary outcome measure was the maximum tolerated dose (mtd) of donepezil achieved (to protocol limit of 40 mg/day) when administered with the anticholinergic solifenacin 15 mg/day. secondary measures included assessments of cognitive and global function, as well as of aes. the mean +/- sd donepezil mtd increased to 38 +/- 0.74 mg/day (median 40 mg/day; p < 0.001); 88% of the study population safely attained this dose at the end of titration. markedly reduced donepezil ae frequency, especially gastrointestinal, allowed this dose increase. there were no drug-related serious aes or clinically significant laboratory abnormalities. at 26 weeks, alzheimer 's disease assessment scale cognitive component scores in the efficacy evaluable population improved by 0.35 +/- 0.85 points over baseline (p < 0.05), an estimated 2.5 +/- 0.84 points above 10 mg/day donepezil and 5.4 +/- 0.84 points above historic placebo (both p < 0.05). clinical global impression of improvement scores improved by 0.94 +/- 0.20 to 3.1 +/- 0.20 points (p < 0.001). the findings suggest that limiting donepezil aes by co-administration of solifenacin allows the safe administration of substantially higher cholinesterase inhibitors doses that may augment cognitive and global benefits in patients with ad.
alzheimer's_disease	in the present study, we have tested whether mri t-1 relaxation time is a sensitive marker to detect early stages of amyloidosis and gliosis in the young 5xfad transgenic mouse, a well-established animal model for alzheimer 's disease. 5xfad and wild-type mice were imaged in a 4.7 t varian horizontal bore mri system to generate t-1 quantitative maps using the spin-echo multi-slice sequence. following immunostaining for glial fibrillary acidic protein, iba-1, and amyloid-beta, t-1 and area fraction of staining were quantified in the posterior parietal and primary somatosensory cortex and corpus callosum. in comparison with age-matched wild-type mice, we observed first signs of amyloidosis in 2.5-month-old 5xfad mice, and development of gliosis in 5-month-old 5xfad mice. in contrast, mri t-1 relaxation times of young, i.e., 2.5- and 5-month-old, 5xfad mice were not significantly different to those of age-matched wild-type controls. furthermore, although disease progression was detectable by increased amyloid-beta load in the brain of 5-month-old 5xfad mice compared with 2.5-month-old 5xfad mice, mri t-1 relaxation time did not change. in summary, our data suggest that mri t-1 relaxation time is neither a sensitive measure of disease onset nor progression at early stages in the 5xfad mouse transgenic mouse model.
alzheimer's_disease	brain imaging plays an important role in the study of alzheimer 's disease (ad), where atrophy has been found to occur in the hippocampal formation during the very early disease stages and to progress in parallel with the disease 's evolution. the aim of the present study was to evaluate a possible correlation between ""small world"" characteristics of the brain connectivity architecture-as extracted from eeg recordings-and hippocampal volume in ad patients. a dataset of 144 subjects, including 110 ad (mmse 21.3) and 34 healthy nold (mmse 29.8) individuals, was evaluated. weighted and undirected networks were built by the eloreta solutions of the cortical sources' activities moving from eeg recordings. the evaluation of the hippocampal volume was carried out on a subgroup of 60 ad patients who received a high-resolution t1-weighted sequence and underwent processing for surface-based cortex reconstruction and volumetric segmentation using the freesurfer image analysis software. results showed that, quantitatively, more correlation was observed in the right hemisphere, but the same trend was seen in both hemispheres. alpha band connectivity was negatively correlated, while slow (delta) and fast-frequency (beta, gamma) bands positively correlated with hippocampal volume. namely, the larger the hippocampal volume, the lower the alpha and the higher the delta, beta, and gamma small world characteristics of connectivity. accordingly, the small world connectivity pattern could represent a functional counterpart of structural hippocampal atrophying and related-network disconnection.
alzheimer's_disease	introduction: family carers of people with dementia are their most important support in practical, personal, and economic terms. carers are vital to maintaining the quality of life (qol) of people with dementia. this review aims to identify factors related to the qol of family carers of people with dementia. methods: searches on terms including ""carers,"" ""dementia,"" ""family,"" and ""quality of life"" in research databases. findings were synthesized inductively, grouping factors associated with carer qol into themes. results: a total of 909 abstracts were identified. following screening, lateral searches, and quality appraisal, 41 studies (n = 5539) were included for synthesis. a total of 10 themes were identified: demographics; carer-patient relationship; dementia characteristics; demands of caring; carer health; carer emotional well-being; support received; carer independence; carer self-efficacy; and future. discussion: the quality and level of evidence supporting each theme varied. we need further research on what factors predict carer qol in dementia and how to measure it. (c) 2017 the authors. published by elsevier inc. on behalf of the alzheimer 's association.
alzheimer's_disease	alzheimer 's disease is the most common neurodegenerative disorder. one of the factors that promotes neurodegeneration is the accumulation of senile plaques formed by a beta peptide. in this paper, it was analyzed that if oxidative stress is cause or consequence of amyloid cascade and the role of antioxidant defense system in this process, using s. cerevisiae (with a multicopy plasmid containing the a beta 1-42 sequence) as experimental model. cells grown on glycerol were more tolerant than when grown on glucose, strengthening the role of the antioxidant defense system against a beta accumulation. antioxidant defense deficiency did not change the pattern of amyloid aggregation. on the other hand, the presence of a beta increased the level of intracellular oxidation and induced the activity of catalase, superoxide dismutase, and aconitase. peroxissomal catalase deficient cells (delta cta1), were more sensitive to a beta toxicity than the wild type strain, while mitochondrial superoxide dismutase (sod2) deficient cells displayed the highest frequency of petites. besides, a beta alters the oxygen consumption and the activity of complex iii and iv. taken together, our results point out that the a beta toxicity mechanism involves an oxidative stress induction by increasing ros production into the mitochondria, where cta1 and sod2 play a crucial role in the regulation of the redox balance. (c) 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
alzheimer's_disease	the brain 's neocortex is anatomically organized into grey and white matter, which are mainly composed by neuronal and glial cells, respectively. the neocortex can be further divided in different brodmann areas according to their cytoarchitectural organization, which are associated with distinct cortical functions. there is increasing evidence that brain development and function are governed by epigenetic processes, yet their contribution to the functional organization of the neocortex remains incompletely understood. herein, we determined the dna methylation patterns of grey and white matter of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (brodmann area 9), an important region for higher cognitive skills that is particularly affected in various neurological diseases. for avoiding interindividual differences, we analyzed white and grey matter from the same donor using whole genome bisulfite sequencing, and for validating their biological significance, we used infinium humanmethylation450 beadchip and pyrosequencing in ten and twenty independent samples, respectively. the combination of these analysis indicated robust grey-white matter differences in dna methylation. what is more, cell type-specific markers were enriched among the most differentially methylated genes. interestingly, we also found an outstanding number of grey-white matter differentially methylated genes that have previously been associated with alzheimer 's, parkinson 's, and huntington 's disease, as well as multiple and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. the data presented here thus constitute an important resource for future studies not only to gain insight into brain regional as well as grey and white matter differences, but also to unmask epigenetic alterations that might underlie neurological and neurodegenerative diseases.
alzheimer's_disease	alzheimer 's disease is a representative age-related neurodegenerative disease that could result in loss of memory and cognitive deficiency. however, the precise onset time of alzheimer 's disease affecting neuronal circuits and the mechanisms underlying the changes are not clearly known. to address the neuroanatomical changes during the early pathologic developing process, we acquired the neuronal morphological characterization of ad in app/ps1 double-transgenic mice using the micro-optical sectioning tomography system. we reconstructed the neurons in 3d datasets with a resolution of 0.32 x 032 x 1 gm and used the sholl method to analyze the anatomical characterization of the dendritic branches. the results showed that, similar to the progressive change in amyloid plaques, the number of dendritic branches were significantly decreased in 9-month-old mice. in addition, a distinct reduction of dendritic complexity occurred in third and fourth-order dendritic branches of 9-month-old mice, while no significant changes were identified in these parameters in 6-month-old mice. at the branch-level, the density distribution of dendritic arbors in the radial direction decreased in the range of 40-90 gm from the neuron soma in 6-month-old mice. these changes in the dendritic complexity suggest that these reductions contribute to the progressive cognitive impairment seen in app/ps1 mice. this work may yield insights into the early changes in dendritic abnormality and its relevance to dysfunctional mechanisms of learning, memory and emotion in alzheimer 's disease. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
alzheimer's_disease	alzheimer 's disease is a multifactorial and fatal neurodegenerative disorder characterized by decline of cholinergic function, deregulation of other neurotransmitter systems, beta-amyloid fibril deposition, and beta-amyloid oligomers formation. based on the involvement of a relevant number of biological systems in alzheimer 's disease progression, multitarget compounds may enable therapeutic efficacy. accordingly, compounds possessing, besides anticholinergic activity and beta-amyloid aggregation inhibition properties, metal chelating and/or nitric oxide releasing properties with additional antioxidant capacity were developed. other targets relevant to alzheimer 's disease have also been considered in the last years for producing multitarget compounds such as beta-secretase, monoamino oxidases, serotonin receptors and sigma 1 receptors. the purpose of this review will be to highlight recent reports on the development of multitarget compounds for alzheimer 's disease published within the last years focusing on multifunctional ligands characterized by tacrine-like and donepezil-like structures. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
parkinson's_disease	the death of dopaminergic neurons is a major pathological hallmark of parkinson 's disease (pd). elevated iron within the substantia nigra of the pd brain is thought to catalyze this neuronal death through hydroxyl radical-derived oxidative damage. removing this excess iron presents a potential therapeutic strategy for pd. seventeen derivatives of the non-toxic iron chelator desferrioxamine b (dfob) were prepared by the conjugation of adamantyl- (1-4,8-12), deconstructed adamantyl units (5-7), norborna(e)ne- (13-16) or bicyclo[2.2.2]octane-based (17) ancillary fragments to the terminal amine group. the range of experimental logp values of 1-17 (logp = 0.15-2.82) was greater than water soluble dfob (logp -2.29), with the increased hydrophobicity designed to improve cell membrane carriage to facilitate intracellular iron sequestration. the first activity screen showed compounds with methyl-substituted adamantyl (1-3), noradamantyl (5), or 1-pentylbicyclo[2.2.21octane (17) ancillary groups significantly rescued iron-mediated oxidative stress in confluent pd-relevant sk-n-be2-m17 neuroblastoma cells (m17 cells) exposed to 1,1'-dimethy1-4,4'-bipyridinium (paraquat, pq) or h2o2. the second dose-dependence screen ranked 1-3 and 17 as the top candidates (ec50 similar to 10 mu m) in the rescue of pq-treated m17 cells. the ancillary fragments of 1-3 and 17 clustered in a region defined by a close-to-zero dipole moment, logp values of 2-2.8 and a surface area:volume ratio of 0.60-0.61. results of iron leaching studies indicate that the compounds may be operating via mechanisms beyond solely removing intracellular iron. the dfob conjugates with methyl-substituted adamantyl ancillary groups (1-3) were the top and most consistent performers in this class of compound designed for pd. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
parkinson's_disease	in parkinson 's disease, the enhanced beta rhythm is closely associated with akinesia/bradykinesia and rigidity. an increase in beta oscillations (12-35 hz) within the basal ganglia (bg) nuclei does not proliferate throughout the cortico-basal ganglia loop in uniform fashion; rather it can be subdivided into two distinct frequency bands, i.e. the lower beta (12-20 hz) and upper beta (21-35 hz). a computational model of the excitatory and inhibitory neural network that focuses on the population properties is proposed to explore the mechanism underlying the pathological beta oscillations. simulation results show several findings. the upper beta frequency in the bg originates from a high frequency cortical beta, while the emergence of exaggerated lower beta frequency in the bg depends greatly on the enhanced excitation of a reciprocal network consisting of the globus pallidus externus (gpe) and the subthalamic nucleus (stn). there is also a transition mechanism between the upper and lower beta oscillatory activities, and we explore the impact of self-inhibition within the gpe on the relationship between the upper beta and lower beta oscillations. it is shown that increased self-inhibition within the gpe contributes to increased upper beta oscillations driven by the cortical rhythm, while decrease in the self-inhibition within the gpe facilitates an enhancement of the lower beta oscillations induced by the increased excitability of the bg. this work provides an analysis for understanding the mechanism underlying pathological synchronization in neurological diseases. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
parkinson's_disease	the advantages of nasal high-flow oxygen therapy (nhf) include not only allowing talking, but also eating and drinking, during the therapy. however, the effect of nhf on the swallowing reflex remains unclear. in the present study, we aimed to assess the effects of nhf on the swallowing reflex. nine healthy adult japanese male volunteers with no history of dysphagia or diseases that may cause dysphagia, such as stroke or parkinson 's disease, were evaluated. participants received one of four levels of nhf intervention (0 (control), 15, 30 and 45 l/min of oxygen) with the nhf system through the nasal cannula. swallowing was induced by the administration of a bolus injection of 5 ml of distilled water over 3 s through a polyethylene catheter at each level of oxygen flow. the primary end-point was the latency period of the swallowing reflex after bolus injection, which was defined as the time from the start of the bolus injection to the onset of the electromyogram (emg) burst of the first swallow. mean latency times of the swallowing reflex with 15 (9.8 +/- 2.9 s), 30 (9.0 +/- 2.7 s) and 45 (8.5 +/- 3.0 s) l/min of nhf were significantly shorter than those under control conditions (11.9 +/- 3.7 s; p < 0.05). our study demonstrates that nhf may enhance swallowing function with increasing levels of nhf by reducing the latency of the reflex. nhf may allow continuation of oral intake without aspiration during oxygen therapy.
parkinson's_disease	background. specialized parkinson 's disease (pd) care offers advantages to patients. however, specialized health care providers may be unaware of patients' personal context and comorbidity, leading to conflicting treatment regimens. patients may benefit from a more holistic approach. objective. to clarify the role community-dwelling pd patients see for general practitioners (gps) in pd care and to clarify the role gps see for themselves. methods. qualitative interview study with 16 community-dwelling pd patients and 12 gps in the netherlands, using a constant comparative approach to analysis. results. patients expressed a preference for self-management and autonomy in decisionmaking. gps chose a limited, reactive position in early-stage pd care to stimulate patient autonomy. moreover, gps felt insufficiently competent to extend their role. patients also felt gps lack expert knowledge and skills; they focus on their neurologist for pd care. in addition, gps observed patients might not realize what accessory role the gp could have, a role gps described as essential in being aware of patient 's well-being. patients did not describe additional roles for the gp in more advanced disease, whereas gps mentioned a shift towards a more proactive and extended role. conclusion. patients and gps see a limited role for the gp in early-stage pd care because of patient autonomy and gp 's lack of specific knowledge and skills. however, gps should feel more confident of the added value of their generalist approach to care for patients with a complex chronic disorder as pd. if generalist and specialized care reinforce each other, pd patients benefit.
parkinson's_disease	in 1967, l-dopa was introduced as part of the pharmacological therapy of parkinson 's disease (pd) and, in spite of extensive research, no additional effective drugs have been discovered to treat pd. this brings forward the question: why haver no new drugs been developed? we consider that one of the problems preventing the discovery of new drugs is that we still have no information on the pathophysiology of the neurodegeneration of the neuromelanin-containing nigrostriatal dopaminergic neurons. currently, it is, widely accepted that the degeneration of dopaminergic neurons, i.e., in the substantia nigra pars compacta, involves mitochondria! dysfunction, the formation of neurotoxic oligomers of alphasynuclein, the dysfunction of protein degradation systems, neuroinflammation, and oxidative and endoplasmic reticulum stress. however, the initial trigger of these mechanisms in the nigrostriatal system is still unknown. it has been reported that aminochrome induces the majority of these mechanisms involved in the neurodegeneration process. aminochrome is formed within the cytoplasm of neuromelanin-containing dopaminergic neurons during the oxidation of dopamine to to neuromelanin is a normal and harmless process, because healthy individuals have intact neuromelanin-containing dopaminergic neurons. interestingly, aminochrome-induced neurotoxicity is prevented by two enzymes: dt-diaphorase and glutathione transferase m2-2, which explains why melanin-containing dopaminergic neurons are intact in healthy human brains.
parkinson's_disease	parkinson 's disease (pd) is an insidious onset neurodegenerative disease affecting approximately 1% of the population over the age of 65. so far available therapies for pd have only aimed at improving or alleviating symptoms, but not at slowing, preventing, and reversing the course of pd. recently, some studies have indicated that the levels and activation of abelson non-receptor tyrosine kinase (c-abl, abl1) were up-regulated in the brain tissue of patients with pd and demonstrated that c-abl inhibitors could improve motor behavior, prevent the loss of dopamine neurons, inhibit phosphorylation of cdk5, regulate alpha-synuclein phosphorylation and clearance, inhibit the tyrosine phosphorylation of parkin and decrease parkin substrate, for example, paris (zinc finger protein 746), aimp2 (aminoacyl-trna synthetase-interacting multifunctional protein type2), fbp1 (fuse-binding protein 1), and synphilin-1. therefore, we review the mechanism of the c-abl inhibitor in pd and conclude that c-abl inhibitors may be a potential treatment in pd and other neurodegenerative disease.
parkinson's_disease	neural synchrony in the basal ganglia, especially in the beta frequency band (13-30 hz), is a hallmark of parkinson 's disease and considered as antikinetic. in contrast, the healthy basal ganglia show low levels of synchrony. it is currently unknown where synchrony and oscillations arise in the parkinsonian brain and how they are transmitted through the basal ganglia, as well as what makes them dependent on dopamine. the external part of the globus pallidus has recently been identified as a hub nucleus in the basal ganglia, possessing intrinsic inhibitory connections and possibly also gap junctions. in this study, we show that in a conductance-based network model of the basal ganglia, the combination of sparse, high-conductance inhibitory synapses and sparse, low-conductance gap junctions in the external part of the globus pallidus could effectively desynchronize the whole network. however, when gap junction coupling became strong enough, the effect was impeded and activity synchronized. in particular, sustained periods of beta coherence occurred between some neuron pairs. as gap junctions can change their conductance with the dopamine level, we suggest pallidal gap junction coupling as a mechanism contributing to the development of beta synchrony in the parkinsonian basal ganglia.
parkinson's_disease	background: the proteasome catalyzes the degradation of many mis-folded proteins, which are otherwise cytotoxic. there is interest in the discovery of proteasome agonists, but previous efforts to do so have been disappointing. methods: the cleavage of small fluorogenic peptides is used routinely as an assay to screen for proteasome modulators. we have developed follow-on assays that employ more physiologically relevant substrates. results: to demonstrate the efficacy of this workflow, the nih clinical collection (ncc) was screened. while many compounds stimulated proteasome-mediated proteolysis of the pro-fluorogenic peptide substrates, most failed to evince activity in assays with larger peptide or protein substrates. we also show that two molecules claimed previously to be proteasome agonists, oleuropein and betulinic acid, indeed accelerate hydrolysis of the fluorogenic substrate, but have no effect on the turnover of a mis-folded protein in vitro or in cellulo. however, two small molecules from the ncc, mk-866 and am-404, stimulate the proteasome-mediated turnover of a mis-folded protein in living cells by 3- to 4-fold. conclusion: assays that monitor the proteasome-mediated degradation of larger peptides and proteinscan distinguish bona fide agonists from compounds only able to stimulate the cleavage of short, non-physiologically relevant peptides. general significance: a suite of assays has been established that allows the discovery of bona fide proteasome agonists. am-404 and mk-866 can be useful tools for cell culture experiments, and can serve as scaffolds to generate more potent 20s stimulators. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
parkinson's_disease	background: parkinson 's disease is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder that results in the widespread loss of select classes of neurons throughout the nervous system. the pathological hallmarks of parkinson 's disease are lewy bodies and neurites, of which alpha-synuclein fibrils are the major component. alpha-synuclein aggregation has been reported in the gut of parkinson 's disease patients, even up to a decade before motor symptoms, and similar observations have been made in animal models of disease. however, unlike the central nervous system, the nature of alpha-synuclein species that form these aggregates and the classes of neurons affected in the gut are unclear. we have previously reported selective expression of alpha-synuclein in cholinergic neurons in the gut (j comp neurol. 2013; 521: 657), suggesting they may be particularly vulnerable to degeneration in parkinson 's disease. methods: in this study, we used immunohistochemistry to detect alpha-synuclein oligomers and fibrils via conformation-specific antibodies after rotenone treatment or prolonged exposure to high [k+] in ex vivo segments of guinea-pig ileum maintained in organotypic culture. key results: rotenone and prolonged raising of [ k+] caused accumulation of - alpha-synuclein fibrils in the axons of cholinergic enteric neurons. this took place in a time- and, in the case of rotenone, concentration-dependent manner. rotenone also caused selective necrosis, indicated by increased cellular autofluorescence, of cholinergic enteric neurons, labeled by chat-immunoreactivity, also in a concentration-dependent manner. conclusions & inferences: to our knowledge, this is the first report of rotenone causing selective loss of a neurochemical class in the enteric nervous system. cholinergic enteric neurons may be particularly susceptible to lewy pathology and degeneration in parkinson 's disease.
parkinson's_disease	prion-like propagation of abnormal intracytoplasmic proteins, which are the defining features of major neurodegenerative disorders, such as alzheimer 's disease (ad), parkinson 's disease (pd) and amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als), has been proposed. a growing body of evidence strongly suggests that abnormal tau, alpha-synuclein and tdp-43 have prion-like properties, convert the corresponding normal proteins into abnormal forms, and are transmitted from cell to cell, spreading throughout the brain. this idea is extremely important not only for understanding the pathogenesis and progression of these diseases, but also for the development of molecular therapies. since the distributions and spreading of the abnormal proteins are closely associated with disease symptoms and progression, gain-of-toxic-function of these proteins may affect the neurons and glial cells either directly or indirectly, or both. it is essential to regulate the aggregation of abnormal intracellular proteins and their cell-to-cell transmission in order to stop, or at least slow, the progression of these diseases. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
sprains_and_strains	objectives: (1) to characterize the demographics and external causes of pediatric sports injury-related visits (sirvs) to emergency departments (eds). (2) to analyze the effect of race/ethnicity and insurance on sirvs to eds. methods: a stratified random-sample cross-sectional survey of eds in the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey was conducted from 1997-2001; for patients younger than 19 years, we used all visits [n = 33,654; injury-related visits (irvs) = 13,496, sirvs = 29901. we examined both the external cause codes and the actual verbatim text of all irvs. national estimates of pediatric irvs were obtained using the assigned patient visit weights in the national hospital ambulatory medical care survey databases and sudaan 9.1 software (sas institute, inc., cary, nc). results: sports injuries resulted in 2.5 million visits annually, or 23% of ed irvs. male sex, older age (6-18 years), and white race/ethnicity are associated with higher rates of sirvs. cycling, basketball, playground injuries, and football resulted in the largest numbers of ed sirvs. leading diagnoses for sirvs included fractures and dislocations, sprains and strains, open wounds, and contusions. hispanic race/ethnicity was associated with lower rates of sirvs across all insurance types. after controlling for demographic factors and insurance, hispanic children were less likely to have an sirv than white children (odds ratio, 0.7; 95% confidence interval, 0.6-0.9). conclusions: sports and recreation are the leading causes of pediatric ed irvs. hispanic children, regardless of insurance status, had lower rates of sirvs than white children, which helps explain the lower rate of nonfatal irvs to eds among hispanic youth.
sprains_and_strains	traumatic ankle injury is a frequent clinical presentation. ankle taping is commonly used in the prophylaxis of sprains and as an adjunct during rehabilitation of ankle injury. the mechanisms behind taping remain unclear however, one possible mechanism is improved proprioception and peroneal reflex responses. this study investigated the peroneal reflex response to rapid inversion (using a trapdoor) with different taping protocols. the dominant leg of 31 healthy subjects was tested in three conditions: no taping; simple prophylactic taping; and circumferential leg taping. a repeated measures anova revealed no statistically significant effect across conditions or trials. the results suggest that neurophysiological responses to sudden inversion are not altered by mechanical or sensory input from taping in normal subjects.
sprains_and_strains	problem: national occupational injury prevention goals often prioritize the reduction of serious injuries. this study analyzed whether this prioritization is credible in respect to lost-time injuries and short and long term work absence, and the implications this has for injury severity-based versus injury absence-based prevention approaches. method: the data consisted of national and work-site specific injury and absence data from construction workers in denmark, including workers from the copenhagen metro construction sites, during the period 2000-2001. results and impact on industry and government: absence length was significantly dependent on the type of injury. sprains and strains were most prevalent and accounted for approximately one third of injuries and absence. fractures accounted for one sixth of injuries and the greatest proportion of long-term absence. the results give credibility to the need for targeting sprains and strains in injury and absence prevention initiatives. (c) 2007 national safety council and elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
sprains_and_strains	objective: this study was undertaken to determine the occurrence rates, outcomes, risk factors, and timing of obstetric delivery for trauma sustained during pregnancy. study design: this is a retrospective cohort study of women for trauma in california (1991-1999). international classification of disease, ninth revision, clinical modification codes, and external causation codes for injury were identified. maternal and fetal/neonatal outcomes were analyzed for women delivering at the trauma hospitalization (group 1), and women sustaining trauma prenatally (group 2), compared with nontrauma controls. injury severity scores and injury types were used to stratify risk in relation to outcome. statistical comparisons are expressed as odds ratios (ors) with 95% cis. results: a total of 10,316 deliveries fulfilling study criteria were identified in 4,833,286 total deliveries. fractures, dislocations, sprains, and strains were the most common type of injury. group 1 was associated with the worst outcomes: maternal death or 69 (95% ci 42-115), fetal death or 4.7 (95% ci 3.4-6.4), uterine rupture or 43 (95% ci 19-97), and placental abruption or 9.2 (95% ci 7.8-11). group 2 also resulted in increased risks at delivery: placental abruption or 1.6 (95% ci 1.3-1.9), preterm labor or 2.7 (95% ci 2.5-2.9), maternal death or 4.4 (95% ci 1.4-14). as injury severity scores increased, outcomes worsened, yet were statistically nonpredictive. the type of injury most commonly leading to maternal death was internal injury. the risk of fetal, neonatal, and infant death was strongly influenced by gestational age at the time of delivery. conclusion: women delivering at the trauma hospitalization (group 1) had the worst outcomes, regardless of the severity of the injury. group 2 women (prenatal injury) had an increased risk of adverse outcomes at delivery, and therefore should be monitored closely during the subsequent course of the pregnancy. this study highlights the need to optimize education in trauma prevention during pregnancy. (c) 2004 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
sprains_and_strains	background: the prevalence of drug-resistant tuberculosis (tb) in xinjiang is higher than in other regions of china, and beijing/w lineage mycobacterium tuberculosis (mtb) is the dominant strain of mtb in xinjiang. however, information on multidrug-resistant (mdr) and extensively drug-resistant (xdr) tb, particularly the correlation between mdr and the beijing/w lineage and the correlation between drug resistance and the beijing/w sublineage strains, is limited. material/methods: we conducted a prospective study to describe the prevalence of mdr/xdr tb, beijing/w lineage and sublineage strains in xinjiang in china from 2009 to 2013. all mtb underwent drug susceptibility testing to the first-and second-line anti-tuberculosis drugs. the beijing/w lineages and sublineages were detected by large-sequence polymorphisms with polymerase chain reaction. results: a total of 410 clinical isolates were identified. the overall percentage of mdr and xdr cases in xinjiang was 13.2% (54/410) and 13.0% (7/54), respectively. overall, 9.8% (14/143) of the beijing lineage mtb were mdr patients, and 15.6% (40/257) of the non-beijing lineage mtb were mdr patients. in the 143 beijing mtb lineages, 11.2% isolates were in sublineage 105, 15.4% isolates were in sublineage 207, 69.2% isolates were in sublineage 181, and 4.2% isolates were in sublineage 150. none of the isolates were detected in sublineage 142. significant differences between the beijing/w and non-beijing/w strains were observed regarding inh and emb resistance, respectively. conclusions: the prevalence of the mdr tb in xinjiang remains high and imposes challenges for tb control. four beijing/w sublineage isolates were observed in xinjiang. there was no correlation between mdr and the beijing/w lineage and no correlation between drug resistance and the beijing/w sublineage strains. surveillance of the clinical isolates of mtb is recommended to strengthen the identification of mdr/xdr tb and sublineages of the beijing/w strains.
sprains_and_strains	,background: the objective was to describe the patterns and mechanisms of water tubing related injuries treated in u.s. emergency departments. methods: the national electronic injury surveillance system was used to examine cases of water tubing related injuries. sample weights were used to calculate national estimates of water tubing related injuries. analyses were conducted in 2010. results: from 1991-2009 an estimated 69,471 injuries were treated in us emergency departments for water tubing related injuries. the annual number of cases increased 250% over the 19-year study period (p<.001). sprains and strains accounted for the largest portion of injuries (27.2%). the head was the most frequently injured body part (27.5%). children and adolescents= 20 years, were more likely than individuals 19 years to sustain sprains and strains (or: 2.11; 95% ci = 1.64-2.71) and were most commonly injured by impact with the water (54.6%). conclusions: patterns of water tubing related injuries differ for children and adults. research is needed to determine how best to reduce these injuries.
sprains_and_strains	objective-to determine the type and number of injuries that occur during the training and practice of muay thai kick boxing and to compare the data obtained with those from previous studies of karate and taekwondo. methods-one to one interviews using a standard questionnaire on injuries incurred during training and practice of muay thai kick boxing were conducted at various gyms and competitions in the united kingdom and a muay thai gala in holland. results-a total of 152 people were questioned, 132 men and 20 women. there were 19 beginners, 82 amateurs, and 51 professionals. injuries to the lower extremities were the most common in all groups. head injuries were the second most common in professionals and amateurs. trunk injuries were the next most common in beginners. the difference in injury distribution among the three groups was significant (p less than or equal to0.01). soft tissue trauma was the most common type of injury in the three groups. fractures were the second most common in professionals, and in amateurs and beginners it was sprains and strains (p less than or equal to0.05). annual injury rates were: beginners, 13.5/1000 participants; amateurs, 2.43/1000 participants; professionals, 2.79/1000 participants. for beginners, 7% of injuries resulted in seven or more days off training; for amateurs and professionals, these values were 4% and 5.8% respectively. conclusions-the results are similar to those found for karate and taekwondo with regard to injury distribution, type, and rate. the percentage of injuries resulting in time off training is less.
sprains_and_strains	objective: to characterize the risk of injury associated with 10 popular high school sports by comparing the relative frequency of injury and selected injury rates among sports, as well as the participation conditions within each sport. design and setting: a cohort observational study of high school athletes using a surveillance protocol whereby certified athletic trainers recorded data during the 1995-1997 academic years. subjects: players listed on the school 's varsity team rosters for football, wrestling, baseball, field hockey, softball, girls' volleyball, boys' or girls' basketball, and boys' or girls' soccer. measurements: injuries and opportunities for injury (exposures) were recorded daily. the definition of reportable injury used in the study required that certified athletic trainers evaluate the injured players and subsequently restrict them from participation. results: football had the highest injury rate per 1000 athlete-exposures at 8.1, and volleyball had the lowest rate at 1.7. only boys' (59.3%) and girls' (57.0%) soccer showed a larger proportion of reported injuries for games than practices, while volleyball was the only sport to demonstrate a higher injury rate per 1000 athlete-exposures for practices than for games. more than 73% of the injuries restricted players for fewer than 8 days. the proportion of knee injuries was highest for girls' soccer (19.4%) and lowest for baseball (10.5%). among the studied sports, sprains and strains accounted for more than 50% of the injuries, except in field hockey (45.7%). of the injuries requiring surgery, 60.3% were to the knee. conclusions: an inherent risk of injury is associated with participation in high school sports based on the nature of the game and the activities of the players. therefore, injury prevention programs should be in place for both practices and games. preventing reinjury through daily injury management is a critical component of an injury prevention program. although sports injuries cannot be entirely eliminated, consistent and professional evaluation of yearly injury patterns can provide focus for the development and evaluation of injury prevention strategies.
sprains_and_strains	myer, gd, quatman, ce, khoury, j, wall, ej, and hewett, te. youth versus adult ""weightlifting"" injuries presenting to united states emergency rooms: accidental versus nonaccidental injury mechanisms. j strength cond res 23(7): 2054-2060, 2009-resistance training has previously been purported to be unsafe and ineffective in children. the purpose of this investigation was to evaluate resistance training-related injuries presenting to u. s. emergency rooms by age, type, and mechanism of injury. we hypothesized that older athletes would sustain greater percentages of joint sprains and muscle strains, whereas younger athletes would sustain a greater percentage of accidental injuries that would result in an increased percentage of fractures in youths. the u. s. consumer product safety commission (cpsc) national electronic injury surveillance system was queried from 2002 to 2005 using the cpsc code for ""weightlifting."" subjects between the ages of 8 and 30 were grouped by age categories 8 to 13 (elementary/middle school age), 14 to 18 (high school), 19 to 22 (college), and 23 to 30 (adult). injuries were classified as ""accidental'' if caused by dropped weight or improper equipment use. multiple logistic regression was used to compare accidental injuries between age groups. the sample consisted of 4,111 patients. accidental injuries decreased (p14 to 18 >19 to 22 years = 23 to 30 years. conversely, sprain/strain injuries increased in each successive age group (p < 0.05). evaluation of only the nonaccidental injuries (n = 2,565) showed that the oldest categories (19-22 and 23-30 yr) demonstrated a greater percentage of sprains and strains relative to younger age categories (p < 0.001). two thirds of the injuries sustained in the 8 to 13 group were to the hand and foot and were most often related to ""dropping"" and ""pinching"" in the injury descriptions, and there was an increased percentage of fractures in the 8 to 13 group relative to all other groups (p < 0.001). the study findings indicate that children have lower risk of resistance training-related joint sprains and muscle strains than adults. the majority of youth resistance training injuries are the result of accidents that are potentially preventable with increased supervision and stricter safety guidelines.
sprains_and_strains	incidence and types of injuries were investigated among 180 nigerian soccer players selected from 6 clubs by a stratified random technique on the basis of somatotypes. the purpose was to identify physique types that are most prone to common injuries in soccer, in the groups during an 8-week duration of intensive training. a total of 552 injuries: sprains and strains (45%), bruises and cuts (30%), dislocations (15%), fractures (5%) and concussion (5%) were recorded sustained by players who participated in the 8-week period of vigorous daily training. the study found that 45% of the meso-ectomorphs (n = 65) and 44% of the mesomorphs (n = 50) sustained injuries while 85% of the ectomorphs (n = 25) and 50% of the ectomesomorphs (n = 40) were injured. the study concluded that soccer players whose somatotypes range between meso-ectomorphic to the mesomorphic builds are less prone to injuries than their more fragile linear counterparts. it recommended that soccer players should be preselected on the basis of somatotypes and in most cases, mesomorphic and meso-ectomorphic types should be finally considered. it proposed that match referees should endeavour to enforce the soccer rules and escbew prejudice to prevent frustration-aggression reactions which are good causes of injuries to players.
cancer	background: signal transduction inhibitors (stis) have considerably improved treatment of advanced/metastasized renal cell carcinoma (mrcc). most safety data for these drugs are derived from clinical trials. the purpose of this study was to evaluate which adverse drug reactions are documented during first-line treatments in routine clinical practice. patients and methods: the ongoing prospective german mrcc clinical registry is recruiting patients in 110 oncology and urology outpatient centers. data from the first 250 patients who had completed first-line treatment were analyzed regarding adverse drug reactions (adrs) documented in patients' medical records. results: patients were older than in clinical trials and had comorbidities. patients were treated with the stis sunitinib (61%), temsirolimus (14%), sorafenib (10%), or bevacizumab combined with interferon (6%). about 520 adrs were documented, of which 29% resulted in treatment modifications. the most frequently affected organ system was the gastrointestinal system. the most frequently documented adrs were mucositis/stomatitis (14%), fatigue (14%), diarrhea (12%), and nausea (12%). conclusions: in routine practice, mrcc first-line treatments using stis frequently lead to adrs partly necessitating treatment modifications. the pattern of reported adrs is similar to that reported in clinical trials, but frequencies of events differ, especially for symptoms of multifactorial origin that are not immediately associated with the treatment. these results indicate that perception and documentation of adverse reactions is different between clinical trials and routine practice, and that reviews of patients' medical records might not be the best method to assess safety in routine practice.
cancer	purpose the aim of this study was to assess the value of dual-time point imaging in pet/ct for detection of biochemically recurrent or persistent prostate cancer, using the prostate-specific membrane antigen (psma) ligand [ga-68]psma i&t. methods 240 patients who underwent a [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct in the context of biochemical relapse of prostate cancer were included in this retrospective analysis. imaging consisted of a standard whole-body pet/ct (1 h p.i.), followed by delayed (3 h p.i.) imaging of the abdomen. psa-stratified proportions of positive pet/ct results, standardized uptake values and target-to-background ratios were analyzed, and compared between standard and delayed imaging. results the overall detection rates of [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct were 94.2, 71.8, 58.6, 55.9 and 38.9% for psa levels of >= 2, 1 to < 2, 0.5 to0.2 to < 0.5, and 0.01 to 0.2 ng/ml, respectively. although the target-to-background ratio improved significantly over time (p < 0.0001), the majority (96.6%) of all lesions suggestive of recurrent disease could already be detected in standard imaging. delayed imaging at 3 h p.i. exclusively identified pathologic findings in 5.4% (10/184) of abnormal [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct scans, and exclusively detected 3.4% (38/1134) of all lesions suggestive of recurrent disease. [ga-68]psma i&t pet/ct shows high detection rates in patients with prostate-specific antigen persistence or biochemical recurrence of prostate cancer. delayed imaging can detect lesions with improved contrast compared to standard imaging. however, the impact on detection rates was limited in this study.
cancer	optical imaging methods have significant potential as effective intraoperative tools to visualize tissues, cells, and biochemical events aimed at objective assessment of the tumor margin and guiding the surgeon to adequately resect the tumor while sparing critical tissues. the wide variety of approaches to guide resection, the range of parameters that they detect, and the interdisciplinary nature involving biology, chemistry, engineering, and medicine suggested that there was a need for an organization that could review, discuss, refine, and help prioritize methods to optimize patient care and pharmaceutical and instrument development. to address these issues, the world molecular imaging society created the optical surgical navigation (osn) interest group to bring together scientists, engineers, and surgeons to develop the field to benefit patients. here, we provide an overview of approaches currently under clinical investigation for optical surgical navigation and offer our perspective on upcoming strategies.
cancer	while elevated blood cholesterol has been associated with an increased risk of colorectal cancer (crc) in observational studies, causality is uncertain. here we apply a mendelian randomisation (mr) analysis to examine the potential causal relationship between lipid traits and crc risk. we used single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) associated with blood levels of total cholesterol (tc), triglyceride (tg), low-density lipoprotein (ldl), and high-density lipoprotein (hdl) as instrumental variables (iv). we calculated mr estimates for each risk factor with crc using snp-crc associations from 9,254 cases and 18,386 controls. genetically predicted higher tc was associated with an elevated risk of crc (odds ratios (or) per unit sd increase=1.46, 95% confidence interval [ci]: 1.20-1.79, p = 1.68 x 10(-4)). the pooled ors for ldl, hdl, and tg were 1.05 (95% ci: 0.92-1.18, p = 0.49), 0.94 (95% ci: 0.84-1.05, p = 0.27), and 0.98 (95% ci: 0.85-1.12, p = 0.75) respectively. a genetic risk score for 3-hydoxy-3-methylglutaryl-coenzyme a reductase (hmgcr) to mimic the effects of statin therapy was associated with a reduced crc risk (or=0.69, 95% ci: 0.49-0.99, p = 0.046). this study supports a causal relationship between higher levels of tc with crc risk, and a further rationale for implementing public health strategies to reduce the prevalence of hyperlipidaemia. what 's new? while observational studies have suggested an association between blood cholesterol levels and colorectal cancer (crc), they do not establish causality and may be influenced by confounding factors. here the authors used mendelian randomization, the relationship between genetic risk scores for lipid traits and crc, to provide new evidence for a causal link between both. their results point to hyperlipidaemia as an important target for crc prevention in the population.
cancer	objective: to determine the effect of biological mesh closure on perineal wound healing after extralevator abdominoperineal resection (eapr). background: perineal wound complications frequently occur after eapr with preoperative radiotherapy for rectal cancer. cohort studies have suggested that biological mesh closure of the pelvic floor improves perineal wound healing. methods: patients were randomly assigned to primary closure (standard arm) or biological mesh closure (intervention arm). a non-cross-linked porcine acellular dermal mesh was sutured to the pelvic floor remnants in the intervention arm, followed by a layered closure of the ischioanal and subcutaneous fat and skin similar to the control intervention. the outcome of the randomization was concealed from the patient and perineal wound assessor. the primary endpoint was the rate of uncomplicated perineal wound healing defined as a southampton wound score of less than 2 at 30 days postoperatively. patients were followed for 1 year. results: in total, 104 patients were randomly assigned to primary closure (n = 54; 1 dropouts) and biological mesh closure (n = 50; 2 dropouts). uncomplicated perineal wound healing rate at 30 days was 66% (33/50; 3 not evaluable) after primary closure, which did not significantly differ from 63% (30/48) after biological mesh closure [relative risk 1.056; 95% confidence interval (ci) 0.7854-1.4197; p = 0.7177). freedom from perineal hernia at 1 year was 73% (95% ci 60.93-85.07) versus 87% (95% ci 77.49-96.51), respectively (p = 0.0316). conclusions: perineal wound healing after eapr with preoperative radiotherapy for rectal cancer was not improved when using a biological mesh. a significantly lower 1-year perineal hernia rate after biological mesh closure is a promising secondary finding that needs longer follow-up to determine its clinical relevance.
cancer	although tyrosine kinase inhibitors (tkis) have dramatically improved clinical outcome in chronic myeloid leukemia (cml), cure rarely occurs. this may be due to bcr-abl-independent, aberrant signaling pathways, one of which leads to leukotriene (lt) formation. well-recognized as inflammatory mediators, lt can also affect oncogenic mechanisms of several tumors. we have previously discovered elevated lt-synthesis and up-regulated cysteinyl-lt-inducing enzyme in cml. here we report on dose-dependent inhibition of cml cell growth exerted by specific blockers of lt-signaling. thus, the cysteinyl-lt1-receptor-antagonist montelukast significantly reduced the growth of k562, kcl22, and ku812 cells, as well as primary cd34(+)blood cells from two cml patients. adding montelukast to the tki imatinib caused combined inhibition. no effect was seen on normal bone marrow cells. similarly, growth inhibition was also observed with the 5-lipoxygenase (lo)-inhibitor bwa4c, the 5-lo-activating-protein-(flap)-inhibitor licofelone and the ltb4(blt1)-receptor-antagonist ly293111. thus, blocking of aberrant lt-signaling may provide an additional, novel therapeutic possibility in cml.
cancer	muff homolog 1 (mth1), a nudix phosphohydrolase enzyme participates in the process of repairing of dna damage by hydrolyzing oxidized deoxy-ribonucleoside triphosphate in cancer cells, is regarded as a potential target for anticancer therapy. in order to seek for promising inhibitor of mth1, structured based pharmacophore and 3d-qsar pharmacophore hypotheses combine with the admet analysis and lipinski 's rule of five were used for screening the public molecules libraries (asinex, ibscreen and natural). then molecular docking studies were performed on screened hits via various docking programs (glide sp, gold and glide xp), five molecules with three scaffolds were picked out as potential inhibitors against mth1. eventually, 20 ns molecular dynamics simulation was implemented on the potential inhibitors. the rmsd (root mean square deviation) values were used to illustrate bind stability between potential molecules and mth1. therefore, the five hits may be considered as promising mth1 inhibitors by all above studies. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
cancer	this study aimed to evaluate the isoflavone and total phenolic contents in kefir-fermented soymilk storage and after the in vitro digestive system simulation (dss). soymilk was fermented with kefir culture (0.02 uc/l) at 25 degrees c for 15 h and stored at 4 degrees c for 4 days. after the fermentation and storage, the isoflavone and total phenolic contents were quantified by high performance liquid chromatography and spectrophotometry, respectively. the cell viability of lactic acid bacteria and yeast was evaluated. fermentation promoted an increase of approximately 3 log cfu/g cycles of the microorganisms and the storage process did not alter the aglycone isoflavones and total phenolic contents. the content of aglycone isoflavones increased 2-fold, and the total phenolic content increased 9-fold. therefore, kefir-fermented soymilk is a good source of aglycone isoflavones and phenolics, since the content of these substances was increased significantly after the in vitro digestive system simulation of the product. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
cancer	the core components of the hippo signaling pathway are a cascade of kinases that govern the phosphorylation of downstream transcriptional co-activators, namely, yes-associated protein (yap) and ww domain-containing transcription regulator protein 1 (wwtr1, also known as taz). the hippo signaling pathway is considered an important tumor-suppressor pathway, and its dysregulation has been noted in a variety of human cancers, in which yap/wwtr1 enable cancerous cells to overcome contact inhibition, and to grow and spread uncontrollably. interestingly, however, recent studies have told a somewhat different but perhaps more intriguing yap/wwtr1 story, as these studies found that yap/wwtr1 function as a central hub that integrates signals from multiple upstream signaling pathways, cell cell interactions and mechanical forces and then bind to and activate different downstream transcriptional factors to direct cell social behavior and cell-cell interactions. in this review, we present the latest findings on the role of yap/wwtr1 in skin physiology, pathology and tumorigenesis and discuss the statuses of newly developed therapeutic interventions that target yap/wwtr1 in human cancers, as well as their prospects for use as skin cancer treatments. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
cancer	acoustophoresis, the ability to acoustically manipulate particles and cells inside a microfluidic channel, is a critical enabling technology for cell-sorting applications. however, one of the major impediments for routine use of acoustophoresis at clinical laboratory has been the reliance on the inherent physical properties of cells for separation. here, we present a microfluidic-based microbubble-activated acoustic cell sorting (baacs) method that rely on the specific binding of target cells to microbubbles conjugated with specific antibodies on their surface for continuous cell separation using ultrasonic standing wave. in acoustophoresis, cells being positive acoustic contrast particles migrate to pressure nodes. on the contrary, air-filled polymer-shelled microbubbles being strong negative acoustic contrast particles migrate to pressure antinodes and can be used to selectively migrate target cells. as a proof of principle, we demonstrate the separation of cancer cell line in a suspension with better than 75% efficiency. moreover, 100% of the microbubble-cell conjugates migrated to the anti-node. hence a better upstream affinity-capture has the potential to provide higher sorting efficiency. the baacs technique expands the acoustic cell manipulation possibilities and offers cell-sorting solutions suited for applications at point of care.
sports_injuries	background: the middle genicular artery (mga) is responsible for the blood supply to the cruciate ligaments and synovial tissue. traumatic sports injuries and surgical procedures (open and arthroscopic) can cause vascular damage. little attention has been devoted to establish safe parameters for the mga. purpose: to investigate the anatomy of the mga and its relation to the posterior structures of the knees, mainly the posterior capsule and femoral condyles, and to establish safe parameters to avoid harming the mga. study design: descriptive laboratory study. methods: dissection of the mga was performed in 16 fresh, unpaired adult human cadaveric knees with no macroscopic degenerative or traumatic changes and no previous surgeries. the specimens were meticulously evaluated with emphasis on preservation of the mga. the distances from the mga to the medial and lateral femoral condyles were measured. the mann-whitney test was used for statistical analysis. results: in all specimens, the mga emerged from the anterior aspect of the popliteal artery, distal to the superior genicular arteries, and had a short distal trajectory toward the posterior capsule where it entered proximal to the oblique popliteal ligament. the artery lay in the midportion between the condyles. the distance between the posterior aspect of the tibia and the point of entry of the mga into the posterior joint capsule was 23.8 +/- 7.3 mm (range, 14.72-35.68 mm). there was no correlation between an individual 's height and the distance of the entrance point of the mga into the posterior joint capsule to the posterior superior corner of the tibia. conclusion: the middle genicular artery lies in the midportion between the medial and lateral femoral condyles. clinical relevance: this knowledge is important for the preservation of the blood supply during posterior knee surgical procedures and to settle a secure distance between the posterior aspect of the tibia and the mga input. this could decrease and prevent iatrogenic vascular injury risk to the mga.
sports_injuries	introduction: patellar dislocation is an emergency. vertical patellar dislocation is rare, often seen in adolescents and mostly due to sports injuries or high-velocity trauma. few cases have been reported in the literature. closed or open reduction under general anesthesia is often needed. we report a case of vertical locked patellar dislocation in a 26-year-old male, which was reduced by a simple closed method under spinal anaesthesia. a literature review regarding the various methods of treatment is also discussed. case presentation: a 26-year-old male experienced a trivial accident while descending stairs, sustaining patellar dislocation. the closed method of reduction was attempted, using a simple technique. reduction was confirmed and postoperative rehabilitation was started. follow-up was uneventful. conclusions: vertical patellar dislocations are encountered rarely in the emergency department. adolescents are not the only victims, and high-velocity trauma is not the essential cause. unnecessary manipulation should be avoided. the closed reduction method is simple, but the surgeon should be prepared for open reduction.
sports_injuries	objective there is currently no consensus on the safety of sports participation for patients with an intracranial arachnoid cyst (ac). the authors' goal was to define the risk of sports participation for children with this imaging finding. methods a survey was prospectively administered to 185 patients with acs during a 46-month period at a single institution. cyst size and location, treatment, sports participation, and any injuries were recorded. eighty patients completed at least 1 subsequent survey following their initial entry into the registry, and these patients were included in a prospective registry with a mean prospective follow-up interval of 15.9 +/- 8.8 months. results a total 112 patients with acs participated in 261 sports for a cumulative duration of 4410 months or 1470 seasons. of these, 94 patients participated in 190 contact sports for a cumulative duration of 2818 months or 939 seasons. there were no serious or catastrophic neurological injuries. two patients presented with symptomatic subdural hygromas following minor sports injuries. in the prospective cohort, there were no neurological injuries conclusions permanent or catastrophic neurological injuries are very unusual in ac patients who participate in athletic activities. in most cases, sports participation by these patients is safe.
sports_injuries	eye injuries sustained during sport comprise up to 20 per cent of all injuries to the eye serious enough for medical attention to be sought. the prevalence of eye injuries in sport is not easily assessed due to lack of authoritative participation rates, so most studies report total numbers in a time period. the evidence on the proportion of all ocular injuries that are from sport is reviewed. the relative frequencies in different sports are compared in a qualitative manner and the sports with greater numbers of ocular injuries are detailed. in common with occupational injuries to the eye, most sports eye injuries are considered preventable. the hierarchy of action for occupational risk is detailed and adapted to use in a sports scenario. all the available international, regional and national standards on sports eye protection are detailed and their provisions compared. the major function of the standards is to provide adequate protection against the hazard of the sport concerned. these are detailed and compared as a function of energy transfer. eye protection must not introduce additional or secondary hazards (for instance, fracturing into sharp fragments on impact) and not introduce features that would deter the wearing of eye protection (for instance, restricting field of view to impede playing the sport). the provisions of the standards intended to limit secondary hazards are detailed and compared. the need for future work in standards writing and the activities of the international standardization organization in sports eye protection are detailed.
sports_injuries	objective: the repair of cartilaginous lesions within synovial joints is still an unresolved and weighty clinical problem. although research activity in this area has been indefatigably sustained, no significant progress has been made during the past decade. the aim of this educational review is to heighten the awareness amongst students and scientists of the basic issues that must be tackled and resolved before we can hope to escape from the whirlpool of stagnation into which we have fallen: cartilage repair redivivus! design: articular-cartilage lesions may be induced traumatically (e. g., by sports injuries and occupational accidents) or pathologically during the course of a degenerative disease (e. g., osteoarthritis). this review addresses the biological basis of cartilage repair and surveys current trends in treatment strategies, focussing on those that are most widely adopted by orthopaedic surgeons [viz., abrasive chondroplasty, microfracturing/microdrilling, osteochondral grafting and autologous-chondrocyte implantation (aci)]. also described are current research activities in the field of cartilage-tissue engineering, which, as a therapeutic principle, holds more promise for success than any other experimental approach. results and conclusions: tissue engineering aims to reconstitute a tissue both structurally and functionally. this process can be conducted entirely in vitro, initially in vitro and then in vivo (in situ), or entirely in vivo. three key constituents usually form the building blocks of such an approach: a matrix scaffold, cells, and signalling molecules. of the proposed approaches, none have yet advanced beyond the phase of experimental development to the level of clinical induction. the hurdles that need to be surmounted for ultimate success are discussed. (c) 2014 published by elsevier ltd on behalf of osteoarthritis research society international.
sports_injuries	objectives: to determine the immediate pain relief effect of low-level laser therapy on sports injuries in athletes and degree of pain relief by the therapy. design: double-blind, randomized, comparative clinical study. methods: participants were 32 college athletes with motion pain at a defined site. participants were randomized into two groups in which the tested or placebo laser therapy was administered to determine pain intensity from painful action before and after laser irradiation, using the modified numerical rating scale. the post-therapeutic modified numerical rating scale score was subtracted from the pre-therapeutic modified numerical rating scale score to determine pain intensity difference, and the rate of pain intensity difference to pre-therapeutic modified numerical rating scale was calculated as pain relief rate. results: low-level laser therapy was effective in 75% of the laser group, whereas it was not effective in the placebo group, indicating a significant difference in favor of the laser group (p < 0.001). pain relief rate was significantly higher in the laser group than in the placebo group (36.94% vs. 8.20%, respectively, p <0.001), with the difference in pain relief rate being 28.74%. conclusions: low-level laser therapy provided an immediate pain relief effect, reducing pain by 28.74%. it was effective for pain relief in 75% of participants. (c) 2016 sports medicine australia. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
sports_injuries	background: excessive stiffness of lower limb muscles is associated with sports injuries. therefore, the identification of a reliable measurement of the shear elastic modulus of various ankle plantar flexion muscles is required to evaluate lower leg sports injuries. this study investigated the reliable measurement of the shear elastic modulus of the ankle plantar flexion muscles at different ankle positions. methods: twenty-three healthy young men (25.3 +/- 3.6 years, 172.9 +/- 5.0 cm, 67.2 +/- 7.2 kg) participated in this study. the shear elastic moduli of the ankle plantar flexion muscles including the lateral gastrocnemius, medial gastrocnemius, soleus, peroneus longus, peroneus brevis, flexor hallucis longus, flexor digitorum longus and tibialis posterior were measured using ultrasonic shear wave elastography at 0, 10 and 20 degrees dorsiflexion. results: the reliability of the shear elastic modulus measurements for each ankle position was assessed. the results showed that the interday reliability of the measurements differed between ankle positions and that the reliability of the shear elastic modulus measurements at 20 degrees dorsiflexion was higher than that at 10 degrees or 0 degrees. conclusion: our results suggest that measurements at 20 degrees dorsiflexion may provide a more reliable measurement of the shear elastic modulus of ankle plantar flexion muscles.
sports_injuries	background: sports injuries are often described as overuse or traumatic. little is known about the frequency of overuse injuries and, in particular, if they vary between different types of sporting activities. purpose: to identify any differences between sports in relation to diagnoses of overuse injuries of the extremities ( oie) and anatomical areas most likely to be injured in adults and to compare these findings with those reported in youngsters, as identified in a previous review. methods: a search was made in may 2015 and again in april 2016 in pubmed, sportdiscus, psycinfo, and web of sciences. search terms were "" overuse injuries or cumulative trauma disorders or musculoskeletal injuries "" and "" extremity or limb "" and "" physical activity or sport or risk factor or exercises "". inclusion criteria were: 1) prospective, or cross-sectional study design; 2) at least 1/3 of the population should be >= 19 years; 3) articles must clearly state if reported cases were classified as traumatic or overuse injuries in relation to a particular sports type, 4) sample size >50, and 5) articles must not deal with specific occupational subpopulations nor with clinical populations. a blinded systematic review was conducted and results reported per anatomical site of injury and diagnosis for the different sports. results: in all, 10 of 1435 identified articles were included, studying soccer, beach-volleyball and triathlon. in general, the incidence estimates were low, never above 2.0/1000 h of practice, similar to results seen in children/adolescents. the incidence estimates and the diagnoses of oie were given only in 4 articles on soccer, making comparisons between sports impossible. as in children/adolescents, the lower limb is more often affected than the upper but contrary to young people the injured site in adults is more often the knee and above, and there were also differences in the diagnoses for the two age groups. conclusion: the literature does not permit to identify clearly the difference in the incidence of oie for different sports showing that more but well-designed surveillance studies are needed.
sports_injuries	objectives: the majority of football injuries are caused by trauma to the lower extremities. shinguards are considered an important measure in preventing lower leg impact abrasions, contusions and fractures. given these benefits, federation internationale de football association introduced the shinguard law in 1990, which made wearing shinguards during matches mandatory. this study evaluated the effect of the introduction of the shinguard law for amateur players in the netherlands in the 1999/2000-football season on the incidence of lower leg injuries. design: time trend analyses on injury data covering 25 years of continuous registration (1986-2010). methods: data were retrieved from a system that records, all emergency department treatments in a random, representative sample of dutch hospitals. all injuries sustained in football by patients aged 6-65 years were included, except for injuries of the achilles tendon and weber fractures. time trends were analysed with multiple regression analyses; a model was fitted consisting of multiple straight lines, each representing a 5-year period. results: patients were predominantly males (92%) and treated for fractures (48%) or abrasions/contusions (52%) to the lower leg. the incidence of lower leg football injuries decreased significantly following the introduction of the shinguard law (1996-2000: -20%; 2001-2005: -25%), whereas the incidence of all other football injuries did not. this effect was more prominent at weekends/match days. no gender differences were found. conclusions: the results significantly show a preventive effect of the shinguard law underlining the relevance of rule changes as a preventive measure and wearing shinguards during both matches and training sessions. (c) 2014 sports medicine australia, published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
sports_injuries	in the pediatric shoulder, injury and pathology can disrupt the muscle force balance, resulting in severe functional losses. as little data exists pertaining to in vivo pediatric shoulder muscle function, musculoskeletal data are crucially needed to advance the treatment of pediatric shoulder pathology/injury. therefore, the purpose of this study was to develop a pediatric database of in vivo volumes for the major shoulder muscles and correlate these volumes with maximum isometric flexion/extension, internal/external rotation, and abduction/adduction joint moments. a methodology was developed to derive 3d shoulder muscle volumes and to divide the deltoid into sub-units with unique torque producing capabilities, based on segmentation of three-dimensional magnetic resonance images. eleven typically developing children/adolescents (4f/7m, 12.0 +/- 3.2 years, 150.8 +/- 16.7 cm, 49.2 +/- 16.4 kg) participated. correlation and regression analyses were used to evaluate the relationship between volume and maximum, voluntary, isometric joint torques. the deltoid demonstrated the largest (30.4 +/- 1.2%) and the supraspinatus the smallest (4.8 +/- 0.5%) percent of the total summed volume of all six muscles evaluated. the anterior and posterior deltoid sections were 43.4 +/- 3.9% and 56.6 +/- 3.9% of the total deltoid volume. the percent volumes were highly consistent across subjects. individual muscle volumes demonstrated moderate-high correlations with torque values (0.70-0.94, p<0.001). this study presents a comprehensive database documenting normative pediatric shoulder muscle volume. using these data a clear relationship between shoulder volume and the torques they produce was established in all three rotational degrees-of-freedom. this study furthers the understanding of shoulder muscle function and serves as a foundation for evaluating shoulder injury/pathology in the pediatric/adolescent population. (c) 2014 published by elsevier ltd.
senior_health	the wilmington senior center developed a 3-year multidisciplinary health and wellness initiative entitled the time of your life to promote healthy aging for participants attending countywide senior centers. the purpose of this paper is to describe the development and implementation of the evaluation methodology and outcomes of this senior health and wellness project that consisted of 11 programs in total. long-term programming can present several challenges in both implementation and evaluation, but assessing outcomes is critical to documenting program value and accountability. participant-completed surveys and post-series focus groups were utilized as the evaluation tools. our findings indicate that the program 's objectives of increasing knowledge and motivating adoption or maintenance of a healthy lifestyle were met to varying degrees, while a third objective of assessing the usefulness of resources to inform health-related decisions was unable to be evaluated due to the cross-sectional nature of the data collection. post-series focus groups indicated that topics of most interest to seniors were money management, medications and staying mentally and physically fit. the evaluations showed that long-term programming, while challenging, can be a successful and sustainable format for senior health education.
senior_health	objective: to assess the effect of introducing consensus guidelines on avoidable blood transfusions in mwanza region, tanzania. methods: avoidable blood transfusions were determined among 842 blood transfusion recipients in eight hospitals in 1991. in a workshop with senior health workers from the region, consensus guidelines for the prescription of blood transfusions were developed and introduced in the hospitals and after 7 months intervention data were collected on 1042 blood transfusion recipients. the 1991 and 1992 data were compared to estimate the change in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions. results: in blood transfusion recipients aged <5 years there was a significant reduction in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions from 257 (52%) out of 498 to 197 (33%) out of 595 (p<0.001), especially at the peripheral hospitals. for children the proportion decreased from 25 to 17% (p<0.05) and for operated patients the percentage remained at 24%. in pregnant women there was a significant increase in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions from 10 to 27% and in adults from 37 (25%) out of 146 to 121 (50%) out of 242. the improvement in peripheral hospitals was offset by a similar deterioration in the referral hospital, thus no overall reduction was achieved in the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions. conclusion: the development and introduction of consensus guidelines was not sufficient to change prescribing practice. the proportion of avoidable blood transfusions decreased only in hospitals where compliance was maintained through regular clinic meetings and strict supervision by senior medical staff.
senior_health	this paper presents a new senior health monitoring system using the kinect device to monitor elderly people and detect when they are likely to fall by measuring their gait, and analyzing change in posture when they change from sitting to standing or vice versa. support vector machine is used to analyze the gait and posture data obtained from the kinect device. several experiments were performed to evaluate the proposed system and experimental results as well as research experience on using the kinect device will be presented.
senior_health	background and objectives: dental caries is an important healthcare challenge in adults over 65 years of age. integration of oral health screening into non-dental primary care practice may improve access to preventive dental care for vulnerable populations such as the elderly. such integration would require easy, fast, and accurate early caries detection tools. primary goal of this study was to evaluate the diagnostic performance of optical coherence tomography (oct) imaging for detecting very early caries in the elderly living in community-based settings. the international caries detection and assessment system (icdas) served as gold standard. secondary goal of this study was to provide baseline prevalence data of very early caries lesions in independent living adults aged 65+ years. materials and methods: seventy-two subjects were recruited from three sites in southern california: a retirement community, a senior health fair, and a convalescent hospital. clinical examination was performed using the icdas visual criteria and this was followed by oct imaging. the two-dimensional oct images (b-scan) were analyzed with simple software. locations with a log of back-scattered light intensity (bsli) below 2.9 were scored as sound, and areas equaling or exceeding 2.9 bsli were considered carious. diagnostic performance of oct imaging was compared with icdas score. results: oct-based diagnosis demonstrated very good sensitivity (95.1%) and good specificity (85.8%). 54.7% of dentate subjects had at least one tooth with very early coronal caries. conclusions: early coronal decay is prevalent in the unrestored pits and fissures of coronal surfaces of teeth in independent living adults aged 65+ years. though oct imaging coupled with a simple diagnostic algorithm can accurately detect areas of very early caries in community-based settings, existing devices are expensive and not well-suited for use by non-dental health care providers. simple, inexpensive, fast, and accurate tools for early caries detection by field health care providers working in non-traditional settings are urgently needed to support inter-professional dental health management. (c) 2015 wiley periodicals, inc.
senior_health	purpose: to assess changes in various functional and satisfaction measures between older persons enrolled in minnesota senior health options (msho), a managed care program for older persons eligible for both medicare and medicaid. design and methods: we used two sets of matched controls for msho enrollees and their families and matched controls living in the community and in nursing homes: persons in the same county who were eligible to enroll but did not enroll in msho and persons in other metropolitan areas where msho is not available. for the community sample; we used questionnaires to measure functional status (activities of daily living), pain, unmet care needs, satisfaction, and caregiver burden. approximately 2 years after the first survey, we re-surveyed respondents who lived in the community at the time of the first survey. for the nursing home residents, we used annual assessments to calculate case mix to compare changes in functional levels over time. results: there were few significant differences in change over time between the msho sample and the two control groups. out-of-area controls showed greater increases in pain but in-area controls showed less interference from pain. compared with out-of-area controls, msho clients showed greater increase in homemaker use, meals on wheels, and outpatient rehabilitation. compared with in-area controls, they showed more use of meals on wheels and less help from family with household tasks. there were few differences in satisfaction, but the msho families showed significantly lower,burden than controls on five items. implications: the analyses show only modest evidence of benefit from msho compared with the two control groups. the model represented by msho does not appear to generate substantial differences in-outcomes across function, satisfaction, and caregiver burden.
senior_health	background. the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (diabetes) in nursing home residents (nhrs) is increasing, concurrently with obesity and other comorbid conditions. nhr would benefit greatly from antidiabetic medications that would improve glycemic control and give a lower risk of hypoglycemia but that do not contribute to weight gain in obese individuals. objective. to examine the prescription patterns to nhrs with diabetes, including the use of newer injectable therapies such as glucagon-like peptide-1 (glp-1) receptor agonists. methods. treatment patterns of diabetes in nhr were analyzed using minimum data set records and prescription claims from the omnicare senior health outcomes data repository (may 2011-september 2012). results. the prevalence of diabetes in this population of 229,283 nhrs was 35.4%. among the 44,665 nhrs with diabetes and prescription claims data, the prevalence of obesity (40.3%) and multiple comorbidities (100%) was high. approximately 20% of the nhrs with diabetes were aged80%), followed by oral agents (54%). glp-1 receptor agonist use was low (0.5%) and associated with poor treatment persistence. conclusion. considerations other than glycemic control may drive prescribing decisions, contrary to recommendations from the american diabetes association, american medical directors association, and european association for the study of diabetes.
senior_health	methods the study is based on semi-structured qualitative interviews with policy-makers and senior health care managers in two russian regions, and a review of published and unpublished sources on health systems and hiv in russia. findings we identified a number of factors associated with the system 's failure to address the epidemic. we argue that these factors are not unique to hiv/aids. the features of the wider health system within which the hiv response was set up influenced the structure and capacities of the programme, particularly its regulatory and clinical orientation; the discrepancy between formal commitments and implementation; the focus on screening services; and problems with scaling up interventions targeting high-risk groups. discussion the system-programme interplay is as important in middle-income countries as in poorer settings. an advanced health care infrastructure cannot protect health systems from potential failures in the delivery of vertical programmes. the hiv response cannot be effective, efficient and responsive to the needs of the population if the broader health system does not adhere to the same principles. strengthening hiv responses in post-soviet societies will require improvements in their wider health systems, namely advocacy of prevention for high-risk populations, reallocation of resources from curative towards preventive services, building decision-making capacities at the local level, and developing better working environments for health care staff.
senior_health	the senior consultant and senior health adviser in all genitourinary medicine clinics in the uk were sent a questionnaire on hiv testing practice in seven clinical scenarios. for each scenario the recommended time interval between possible exposure and final hiv antibody test varied from a minimum of 3 months to a maximum of over 5 years. the results show 2 broad patterns: when the contact was not someone known to be hiv positive the commonest recommended time interval was 3 months; for a known exposure to hiv the commonest recommendation was 6 months. only 16 out of the 151 clinics replying had a written policy setting out the interval to elapse between possible exposure to hiv and the final test for hiv antibodies. variation of practice within clinics is less where written policies exist. some staff in clinics are recommending inappropriately long intervals before the final hiv test.
senior_health	objective: to examine the extent to which local health department (lhd) assurance of select services known to promote and protect the health of older adults is associated with more favorable population health indicators among seniors. design: data from the california health interview survey (chis: 2003, 2005, and 2007) were linked with the 2005 wave of the national association of county and city health officials profile survey and the area resource file to assess the association of lhd assurance and senior health indicators. assurance was measured by an index of 5 services, either directly provided or contracted by lhds: cancer screening, injury prevention, comprehensive primary care, home health care, and chronic disease prevention. multilevel regression models estimated the association of lhd assurance of services and each of 6 older adult health indicators, controlling for individual, lhd, and county characteristics that included key social determinants of health, such as poverty. setting: fifty-seven california counties. participants: 33,154 older adults (age 65 and older). main outcome measures: colorectal cancer screening, mammography, healthy eating, physical activity, and multiple falls among older adults. results: local health departments provided or contracted a median of 2 of the 5 services. in adjusted analyses, lhd assurance of services was generally unassociated with the seniors' health behaviors, screening, and falls. greater lhd expenditures per capita were associated with significantly better mammography screening rates (adjusted odds ratio [aor] = 1.22, p < 0.01) compared to jurisdictions in the bottom one-third of per capita lhd spending. greater county-level poverty (a social determinant of health) was associated with greater junk food consumption (aor = 1.14, p < 0.01) and worse fruit and vegetable consumption (aor = 0.97, p < 0.01). highly impoverished counties were consistently in the bottom quartile of performance across all indicators. conclusions: the lhd 's assurance of select services known to promote and protect the health of older adults does not appear to translate into higher rates of colorectal cancer screening, mammography, healthy eating, physical activity, and fewer falls among seniors. county-level poverty is most strongly associated with older adult health, underscoring a key barrier to address in local senior health improvement efforts.
senior_health	most approaches to the detection of presymptomatic or prodromal alzheimer 's disease require the costly collection and analysis of biological samples or neuroimaging measurements. the dementia risk assessment (dra) was developed to facilitate this detection by collecting self-report and proxy-report of dementia risk variables and episodic memory performance on a free internet website. we now report two validation studies. in study 1, 130 community-residing older adults seeking memory screening at senior health fairs were tested using the mini-cog, and were then observed while taking the dra. they were compared to a demographically-matched subsample from our anonymous internet sample. participants seeking memory screening had more dementia risk factors and obtained lower scores on the dra 's recognition memory test (rmt) than their internet controls. in addition, those who failed the mini-cog obtained much lower scores on the rmt than those who passed the mini-cog. in study 2, 160 older adults seeking evaluation of cognitive difficulties took the dra prior to diagnostic evaluations at outpatient dementia clinics. patients who ultimately received the diagnosis of a dementia syndrome scored significantly lower on the rmt than those diagnosed with other conditions or deemed normal. lower education, family history of dementia, presence of hypercholesterolemia and diabetes, and memory test score distinguished the dementia and no-dementia groups with around 82% accuracy. in addition, score on the rmt correlated highly with scores on other instruments widely used to detect cognitive decline. these findings support the concurrent validity of the dra for detecting prevalent cognitive impairment. prospective studies of cognitively normal persons who subsequently develop dementia will be necessary to establish its predictive validity.
multiple_sclerosis	guillain-barre syndrome (gbs) is an acute inflammatory demyelinating polyradiculopathy resulting in severe impairments of many body structures and functions with consequent limitations of activities and participation. the aim of our study was to evaluate rehabilitation outcome in these patients. forty-five (20 women, 25 men) with gbs patients who had completed primary comprehensive rehabilitation were included in the study. medical research council scale for muscle strength was used for assessment of lower-limb function. patients' activities were assessed using the functional independence measure and two walking tests (6 min and 10 m). the patients were also described using an adapted international classification of functioning, disability and health checklist. assessment was performed at admission and at discharge. clinically important and statistically significant improvements were found in all outcome measures. strong and significant correlations were found between the outcome measures. international classification of functioning, disability and health coding also clearly reflected the progress. improvement in patients' activities increased statistically significantly with time for up to 3 months of rehabilitation. the outcome was not related to the time interval from establishing the diagnosis to the start of rehabilitation. hence, multidisciplinary care for gbs patients is effective, because clinically important and statistically significant improvements regarding body functions and activities are achieved during relatively short inpatient rehabilitation. copyright (c) 2017 wolters kluwer health, inc. all rights reserved.
multiple_sclerosis	purposemagnetic susceptibility is a physical property of matter that varies depending on chemical composition and abundance of different molecular species. interest is growing in mapping of magnetic susceptibility in the human brain using magnetic resonance imaging techniques, but the influences affecting the mapped values are not fully understood. methodswe performed quantitative susceptibility mapping on 7 tesla (t) multiple echo time gradient recalled echo data and evaluated the trend in 10 regions of the human brain. temporal plots of susceptibility were performed in the caudate, pallidum, putamen, thalamus, insula, red nucleus, substantia nigra, internal capsule, corpus callosum, and fornix. we implemented an existing three compartment signal model and used optimization to fit the experimental result to assess the influences that could be responsible for our findings. resultsthe temporal trend in susceptibility is different for different brain regions, and subsegmentation of specific regions suggests that differences are likely to be attributable to variations in tissue structure and composition. using a signal model, we verified that a nonlinear temporal behavior in experimentally computed susceptibility within imaging voxels may be the result of the heterogeneous composition of tissue properties. conclusionsdecomposition of voxel constituents into meaningful parameters may lead to informative measures that reflect changes in tissue microstructure. magn reson med 77:1946-1958, 2017. (c) 2016 international society for magnetic resonance in medicine
multiple_sclerosis	background: immunotherapy initiated early after first presentation of relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis is associated with improved long-term outcomes. one can therefore speculate that early initiation of highly effective immunotherapies, with an average efficacy that is superior to the typical first-line therapies, could further improve relapse and disability outcomes. however, the most common treatment strategy is to commence firstline therapies, followed by treatment escalation in patients who continue to experience on-treatment disease activity. while this monitoring approach is logical, the current lack of effective regenerative or remyelinating therapies behoves us to consider high-efficacy treatment strategies from disease onset (including induction therapy) in order to prevent irreversible disability. objective: in this systematic review, we evaluate the effect of high-efficacy immunotherapies at different stages of ms. methods: a systematic review of literature reporting outcomes of treatment with fingolimod, natalizumab or alemtuzumab at different stages of ms was carried out. results and conclusions: twelve publications reporting relevant information were included in the systematic review. the literature suggests that treatment with high-efficacy immunotherapies is more potent in suppressing relapse activity when initiated early vs. with a delay after the ms diagnosis. the evidence reported for disability and mri outcomes is inconclusive. (c) 2017 the author(s). published by elsevier b.v. this is an open access article under the cc by-nc-nd license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/4.0/).
multiple_sclerosis	aimsunderstanding the causes of axonal pathology remains a key goal in the pursuit of new therapies to target disease progression in multiple sclerosis (ms). anterograde axonal transport of many proteins vital for axonal viability is mediated by the motor protein kif5a, which has been linked to several neurological diseases. this study aimed to investigate the expression of kif5a protein and its associated cargoes: amyloid precursor protein (app) and neurofilament (nf) in post mortem ms and control white matter (wm) and to determine if kif5a expression is influenced by the presence of ms risk single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) identified in the region of the kif5a gene. methodsusing immunoblotting assays we analysed the expression of kif5a, app and nf phospho-isoforms in 23 ms cases and 12 controls. resultswe found a significant reduction in kif5a and associated cargoes in ms wm and an inverse correlation between kif5a and app/nf protein levels. furthermore, homozygous carriers of ms risk gene snps show significantly lower levels of kif5a protein compared to ms patients with no copies of the risk snps. conclusionswe conclude that reduced expression of axonal motor kif5a may have important implications in determining axonal transport deficits and ongoing neurodegeneration in ms.
multiple_sclerosis	objectives: disease-modifying treatments (dmts) constitute the largest direct medical cost for multiple sclerosis (ms). this study aims at investigating predictors of the 10-year economic burden for dmt administration and management. materials and methods: this study included 537 newly diagnosed, drug naive relapsing-remitting ms (rrms) patients, followed up for 10.1 +/- 3.3 years. costs for dmt administration and management were calculated, and referred to each year of observation (annual costs). possible predictors of disease evolution were categorized into early predictors (age, gender, disease duration, baseline expanded disability status scale (edss), 1-point edss progression within 2 years, and annualized relapse rate -arr-within 2 years), and long-term predictors (reaching of edss 4.0, conversion to secondary progressive -sp-, arr, number of dmts, follow-up duration). association between predictors and study outcome was explored using mixed-effects log-linear regression models. results: a 1-point higher edss at diagnosis was associated with 13.21% increase in the annual costs (95% ci=4.16-23.04%). each additional year of age at diagnosis was associated with a 0.74% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-1.43 to-0.04%). female gender was associated with a 12.43% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-22.61 to-0.93%). converting to sp was associated with a 14.26% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-14.26 to-2.94%). each additional year of follow-up was associated with a 3.05% decrease in the annual costs (95% ci=-4.51 to-1.57%). conclusions: an estimate of the 10-year costs associated with dmt administration and management can be calculated by analyzing different factors, and might be of particular interest for planning resources needed for treating people with ms.
multiple_sclerosis	objective direct stimulation of the peroneal nerve by the actigait implantable drop foot stimulator is a potent therapy that was described previously for stroke-related drop foot. the authors report here successful long-term application of the actigait implantable drop foot stimulator in patients with multiple sclerosis (ms). methods six patients with ms and 2 years of persisting central leg paresis received an implantable actigait drop foot stimulator after successful surface test stimulation. ten weeks and 1 year after surgery, their gait speed, endurance, and safety were evaluated. patient satisfaction was assessed with a questionnaire. results in the 20-m gait test, stimulation with the actigait stimulator significantly reduced the time needed, on average, by approximately 23.6% 10 weeks after surgery, and the time improved further by 36.3% after 1 year. the median distance covered by patients with the stimulator after 6 minutes of walking increased significantly from 217 m to 321 m and remained stable for 1 year; the distance covered by patients after surface stimulation was 264 m. patients with an implanted actigait stimulator noticed pronounced improvement in their mobility, social participation, and quality of life. conclusions the actigait implantable drop foot stimulator improved gait speed, endurance, and quality of life in all patients over a period of 1 year. it may serve as a new therapeutic option for patients with ms-related drop foot.
multiple_sclerosis	backgrounda 30-item qualiveen questionnaire was developed to measure the impact of urinary problems on everyday living in spinal cord injury, and subsequently an 8-item sf-qualiveen was developed for those with multiple sclerosis (ms). the validity of this short form has not been previously examined using modern psychometric techniques, such as the rasch measurement model. objectivethe aim of this study is to test if the short form meets the requirements of the rasch model. methodsa total of 401 patients with clinically definite ms were given the questionnaire at three neuroscience centres in the uk. resultsa total of 258 patients (64.3% response) completed the questionnaire. the original scale failed to meet the expectations of the rasch model. a two-testlet solution was sought to account for local dependence, differential item functioning and disordered thresholds. after the modifications were made the scale fitted the model ((2)=5.93 p=0.4305), had high internal consistency (=0.88) and was unidimensional. conclusionssf-qualiveen is a simple and valid measure of the impact of urinary problems in multiple sclerosis, which meets the requirements of the rasch measurement model. summed ordinal scores can be converted to interval-level using the transformation table provided.
multiple_sclerosis	despite continuous interest in multiple sclerosis (ms) research, there is still a lack of neuroprotective strategies, because the main focus has remained on modulating the immune response. here we performed in-depth analysis of neurodegeneration in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (eae) and in in vitro studies regarding the effect of the well-established l-type calcium channel antagonist nimodipine. nimodipine treatment attenuated clinical eae and spinal cord degeneration and promoted remyelination. surprisingly, we observed calcium channel-independent effects on microglia, resulting in apoptosis. these effects were cell-type specific and irrespective of microglia polarization. apoptosis was accompanied by decreased levels of nitric oxide (no) and inducible no synthase (inos) in cell culture as well as decreased inos and reactive oxygen species levels in eae. in addition, increased numbers of olig2(+) apc(+) oligodendrocytes were detected. overall, nimodipine application seems to generate a favorable environment for regenerative processes and therefore could be a treatment option for ms, because it combines features of immunomodulation with beneficial effects on neuroregeneration.
multiple_sclerosis	background & purposeto describe methodology, interim baseline, and longitudinal magnetic resonance imaging (mri) acquisition parameter characteristics of the multiple sclerosis clinical outcome and mri in the united states (ms-mrius). material & methodsthe ms-mrius is an ongoing longitudinal and retrospective study of ms patients on fingolimod. clinical and brain mri image scan data were collected from 600 patients across 33 ms centers in the united states. mri brain outcomes included change in whole-brain volume, lateral ventricle volume, t2- and t1-lesion volumes, and new/enlarging t2 and gadolinium-enhancing lesions. resultsinterim baseline and longitudinal mri acquisition parameters results are presented for 252 patients. mean age was 44 years and 81% were female. forty percent of scans had 3-dimensional (3d) t1 sequence in the preindex period, increasingto 50% in the postindex period. use of 2-dimensional (2d) t1 sequence decreased over time from 85% in the preindex period to 65% in the postindex. about 95% of the scans with flair and 2d t1-wi were considered acceptable or good quality compared to 99-100% with 3d t1-wi. there were notable changes in mri hardware, software, and coil (39.5% in preindex to index and 50% in index to postindex). mri sequence parameters (orientation, thickness, or protocol) differed for 36%, 29%, and 20% of index/postindex scans for flair, 2d t1-wi, and 3d t1-wi, respectively. conclusionsthe ms-mrius study linked the clinical and brain mri outcomes into an integrated database to create a cohort of fingolimod patients in real-world practice. variability was observed in mri acquisition protocols overtime.
multiple_sclerosis	aims: to better understand the impact of the clinical course of multiple sclerosis (ms) and disability on employment, absenteeism, and related factors. materials and methods: this study included respondents to the north american research committee on multiple sclerosis registry spring 2015 update survey who were us or canadian residents, aged 18-65 years and reported having relapsing-remitting ms (rrms), secondary progressive ms (spms), or primary progressive ms (ppms). the rrms and spms participants were combined to form the relapsing-onset ms (rms) group and compared with the ppms group regarding employment status, absenteeism, and disability. multivariable logistic regression was used to examine the relationship between employment-related outcomes and factors that may affect these relationships. results: of the 8004 survey respondents, 5887 (73.6%) were 18-65 years of age. the ppms group (n=344) had a higher proportion of males and older mean age at the time of the survey and at time of diagnosis than the rms group (n=4829). female sex, age, age at diagnosis, cognitive and hand function impairment, fatigue, higher disability levels, >= 3 comorbidities, and a diagnosis of ppms were associated with not working. after adjustment for disability, the employed ppms sub-group reported similar levels of absenteeism to the employed rms sub-group. limitations: limitations of the study include self-report of information and the possibility that participants may not fully represent the working-age ms population. conclusions: in ms, employment status and absenteeism are negatively affected by disability, cognitive impairment, and fatigue. these findings underscore the need for therapies that prevent disability progression and other symptoms that negatively affect productivity in persons with ms to enable them to persist in the workforce.
hepatitis_c	traditional vaccination approaches (e.g. live attenuated or killed microorganisms) are among the most effective means to prevent the spread of infectious diseases. these approaches, nevertheless, have failed to yield successful vaccines against many important pathogens. to overcome this problem, methods have been developed to identify microbial components, against which protective immune responses can be elicited. subunit antigens identified by these approaches enable the production of defined vaccines, with improved safety profiles. however, they are generally poorly immunogenic, necessitating their administration with potent immunostimulatory adjuvants. since few safe and effective adjuvants are currently used in vaccines approved for human use, with those available displaying poor potency, or an inability to stimulate the types of immune responses required for vaccines against specific diseases (e.g. cytotoxic lymphocytes (ctls) to treat cancers), the development of new vaccines will be aided by the availability of characterized platforms of new adjuvants, improving our capacity to rationally select adjuvants for different applications. one such approach, involves the addition of microbial components (pathogen-associated molecular patterns; pamps), that can stimulate strong immune responses, into subunit vaccine formulations. the conjugation of pamps to subunit antigens provides a means to greatly increase vaccine potency, by targeting immunostimulation and antigen to the same antigen presenting cell. thus, methods that enable the efficient, and inexpensive production of antigen-adjuvant fusions represent an exciting mean to improve immunity towards subunit antigens. herein we review four protein-based adjuvants (flagellin, bacterial lipoproteins, the extra domain a of fibronectin (eda), and heat shock proteins (hsps)), which can be genetically fused to antigens to enable recombinant production of antigen-adjuvant fusion proteins, with a focus on their mechanisms of action, structural or sequence requirements for activity, sequence modifications to enhance their activity or simplify production, adverse effects, and examples of vaccines in preclinical or human clinical trials. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
hepatitis_c	hepatitis c virus (hcv) infection is currently the most important cause of chronic viral hepatitis in the world and one of the most frequent indications for liver transplantation. hcv uses different strategies to evade the innate and adaptive immune response, and this evasion plays a key role in determining viral persistence. several hcv viral proteins have been described as immune modulators. in this review, we will focus on the effect of hcv nucleocapsid core protein in the function of immune cells and its correlation with the findings observed in hcv chronically infected patients. effects on immune cell function related to both extracellular and intracellular hcv core localization will be considered. this review provides an updated perspective on the mechanisms involved in hcv evasion related to one single hcv protein, which could become a key tool in the development of new antiviral strategies able to control and/or eradicate hcv infection.
hepatitis_c	introduction: clinicians and practitioners caring for patients with chronic liver disease are often unsure whether drug therapy is a hazard that increases their patient 's risk for drug-induced liver injury (dili).areas covered: we searched for reports of drug induced liver injury, both idiosyncratic and intrinsic, in patients with chronic liver disease including non-alcoholic and alcoholic liver disease, and cirrhosis. reports we analyzed include statin treatment in patients with fatty liver, acetaminophen use in alcoholic fatty liver, antituberculous drugs in patients with tuberculosis and viral hepatitis, antiviral medications in hepatitis and antiretroviral medications in hiv/aids. the most challenging cases we found are drug therapy in patients with decompensated liver cirrhosis.expert opinion: we identified many case reports and case series discussing a potential increased risk of dili in patients with pre-existing liver disease. however, most of these reports were retrospective and ambiguous. with few exceptions, we conclude that drugs seem to be well tolerated by the majority of patients with pre-existing, non-cirrhotic chronic liver diseases. special care is needed for some therapies, however, including antiviral therapy in chronic hepatitis b and c and in decompensated liver cirrhosis with impaired drug metabolism. prospective studies are warranted to valid our conclusions.
hepatitis_c	background: chronic antigen exposure and/or ageing increases the frequency of t-box expressed in t cells (t-bet)-expressing b-lymphocytes in mice. the frequency and significance of b-cell t-bet expression during chronic hepatitis c (hcv) infection in human subjects has never been described. methods: healthy controls, cirrhotic and noncirrhotic hcv-infected patients, and non-hcv patients with cirrhosis were recruited. peripheral blood mononuclear cells were phenotyped for expression of t-bet and related markers by flow cytometry. in a subset of patients who underwent antiviral therapy and were cured of hcv infection (sustained virological response), the dynamics of t-bet expression in b cells was monitored. after cure, convalescent b cells were tested for t-bet expression after re-exposure to infected plasma or recombinant hcv proteins. results: forty-nine patients including 11 healthy donors, 30 hepatitis c-infected individuals (nine with liver cancer, 13 with cirrhosis, eight without cirrhosis) and eight patients with cirrhosis due to non-hcv-related cause were recruited. we found that b cells in patients with chronic hcv exhibited increased frequency of t-bet+ b cells relative to noninfected individuals (median 11.5% v. 2.2%, p<.0001) but that there were no significant differences between noncirrhotic, cirrhotic and cancer-bearing infected individuals. t-bet(+) b cells expressed higher levels of cd95, cxcr3, cd11c, cd267 and fcrl5 compared to t-bet(-) b cells and predominantly exhibit a tissue-like memory cd27(-)cd21(-) phenotype independent of hcv infection. t-bet(+) b cells in hcv-infected patients were more frequently class-switched igd(-)igg(+) (40.4% vs. 26.4%, p=.012). resolution of hcv infection with direct-acting antiviral (daa) therapy leads to a marked reduction in the frequency of t-bet(+) b cells (median 14.1% pretreatment v. 6.7% end of treatment v. 6.1% svr12, p.01). re-exposure of convalescent (cured) b cells to viremic plasma and recombinant hcv e2 protein led to re-expression of t-bet. conclusion: chronic antigenemia in chronic hcv infection induces and maintains an antigen-specific t-bet(+) b cell. these b cells share markers with tissue-like memory b cells. antigen-driven t-bet expression may be a critical suppressor of b-cell activation in chronic hcv infection.
hepatitis_c	background: determination of the hepatitis c virus (hcv) genotype and discrimination between hcv subtypes 1a and 1b is still mandatory prior to anti-hcv treatment initiation. the aim of this study was to evaluate the performance of the recently introduced cobas\(r) hcv gt assay (roche) and to compare it to two comparator assays. methods: the cobas (r) hcv gt assay is based on primerspecific real-time polymerase chain reaction (pcr). for comparison, the trugene (r) hcv 5'nc genotyping kit (siemens) and the versant (r) hcv genotype 2.0 assay (siemens) were employed. accuracy of the new assay was determined using proficiency panels. for clinical evaluation, 183 residual clinical samples obtained from patients with chronic hepatitis c infection were included. results: when accuracy was tested, panel members containing hcv subtypes 1a, 1b, and 3a were identified as expected; however, the new assay failed to identify low titer panel members containing hcv subtype 5a correctly. of 183 clinical samples, 160 gave concordant results. for seven samples, an indeterminate result was reported with the cobas (r) hcv gt assay and the remaining 16 samples were found discordant with one of the comparator assays. when time-to-results of the assays were compared, the new assay showed shorter total time and similar handson time per sample. conclusions: the cobas (r) hcv gt assay showed a good performance and proved to be suitable for use in the routine diagnostic laboratory. due to the high level of automation, fast and reliable results are obtained with short hands-on time.
hepatitis_c	background: hepatitis c is an infectious liver disease with high mortality rate which is caused by hepatitis c virus. several treatment methods have been applied to combat this deadly virus including interferons, vaccine and direct acting antivirals (daas). however, the later shows promising effects in hcv treatment with lower adverse effect. specifically, the daas target the non-structural proteins (ns3 and ns5b). purpose: the objective of the present study is to hypothesize an alternative antiviral inhibitor for hcv from the available other antivirals. methods: computation of 2d molecular descriptors for the selected antiviral inhibitors followed by clustering the descriptor features. the closely clustered compounds were subjected to the interaction studies against the hcv target protein to validate the cluster result. results and discussion: the clustering result showed that indinavir (hiv inhibitor) and at130 (hbv inhibitor) molecule are close to the hcv inhibitor. the indinavir complexed with ns3 protein shows -5.33 kcal/mol and at-130 complexed with ns5b protein possess the binding energy of -8.87 kcal/mol. the docking interaction study indicated a better binding affinity than other viral inhibitors. conclusion: from the descriptor based feature similarity analysis and the interaction study, it can be concluded that indinavir and at-130 could be a potential alternative agent for hcv treatment. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
hepatitis_c	background: hepatitis c virus (hcv) infections have increased during the past decade but little is known about geographic clustering patterns. methods: we used a unique analytical approach, combining geographic information systems (gis), spatial epidemiology, and statistical modeling to identify and characterize hcv hotspots, statistically significant clusters of census tracts with elevated hcv counts and rates. we compiled sociodemographic and hcv surveillance data (n = 99,780 cases) for massachusetts census tracts (n = 1464) from 2002 to 2013. we used a five-step spatial epidemiological approach, calculating incremental spatial autocorrelations and getis-ord gi* statistics to identify clusters. we conducted logistic regression analyses to determine factors associated with the hcv hotspots. results: we identified nine hcv clusters, with the largest in boston, new bedford/fall river, worcester, and springfield (p < 0.05). in multivariable analyses, we found that hcv hotspots were independently and positively associated with the percent of the population that was hispanic (adjusted odds ratio [aor]: 1.07; 95% confidence interval [ci]: 1.04, 1.09) and the percent of households receiving food stamps (aor: 1.83; 95% ci: 1.22, 2.74). hcv hotspots were independently and negatively associated with the percent of the population that were high school graduates or higher (aor: 0.91; 95% ci: 0.89, 0.93) and the percent of the population in the ""other"" race/ethnicity category (aor: 0.88; 95% ci: 0.85, 0.91). conclusion: we identified locations where hcv clusters were a concern, and where enhanced hcv prevention, treatment, and care can help combat the hcv epidemic in massachusetts. gis, spatial epidemiological and statistical analyses provided a rigorous approach to identify hotspot clusters of disease, which can inform public health policy and intervention targeting. further studies that incorporate spatiotemporal cluster analyses, bayesian spatial and geostatistical models, spatially weighted regression analyses, and assessment of associations between hcv clustering and the built environment are needed to expand upon our combined spatial epidemiological and statistical methods.
hepatitis_c	we previously generated an oral hepatitis c virus (hcv) vaccine using bifidobacterium displaying the hcv nonstructural protein 3 (ns3) polypeptide. ns3-specific cellular immunity is important for viral clearance and recovery from hcv infection. in this study, we enhanced the cellular immune responses induced by our oral hcv vaccine, bifidobacterium longum 2165 (b. longum 2165), by combining interferon-alpha (ifn-alpha) as an adjuvant with the vaccine in a mouse experimental model. ifn-alpha is a widely used cytokine meeting the standard of care (soc) for hcv infection and plays various immunoregulatory roles. we treated c57bl/6n mice with b. longum 2165 every other day and/or ifn-alpha twice a week for a month and then analyzed the immune responses using spleen cells. we determined the induction of ns3-specific cellular immunity by cytokine quantification, intracellular cytokine staining, and a cytotoxic t lymphocyte (ctl) assay targeting el4 tumor cells expressing ns3/4a protein (el4-ns3/4a). we also treated mice bearing el4-ns3/4a tumor with the combination therapy in vivo. the results confirmed that the combination therapy of b. longum 2165 and ifn-a induced significantly higher ifn-gamma secretion, higher population of cd4(+)t and cd8(+)t cells secreting ifn-gamma, and higher ctl activity against el4-ns3/4a cells compared with the control groups of phosphate-buffered saline, b. longum 2165 alone, and ifn-alpha alone (p < 0.05). we also confirmed that the combination therapy strongly enhanced tumor growth inhibitory effects in vivo with no serious adverse effects (p < 0.05). these results suggest that the combination of b. longum 2165 and ifn-alpha could induce a strong cellular immunity specific to ns3 protein as a combination therapy augmenting the current soc immunotherapy against chronic hcv infection.
hepatitis_c	aim/objectives/backgroundchronic hepatitis c (chc) virus infection is a leading cause of liver-related morbidity and mortality. in germany, as in many other countries, there is a lack of comprehensive epidemiological data. routine data from sickness funds can support the estimation of the true prevalence and incidence of chc.methodsin this article, the results of annual and quarterly analyses of prevalence and incidence for the years 2007-2013 are presented using data of several german sickness funds.resultsoverall, the prevalence rate remained relatively stable at 0.2%, which is lower than the general assumption for germany of 0.3%.conclusionwe found that despite the introduction of the breakthrough designated triple therapies with telaprevir or boceprevir in 2011, there was no increase of prevalence or incidence between 2010 and 2011. copyright (c) 2017 wolters kluwer health, inc. all rights reserved.
hepatitis_c	introduction: with thewidespread introduction of the integrase (in) inhibitors into clinical practice, transmission of drug resistance to this class of antiretroviralmedications may expand. the aimof this studywas to analyze the recent patterns of in resistance in treatment naive individuals in northern poland and its association with transmitted protease (pr) and reverse transcriptase (rt) mutations. methods: study included 172 pr, rt and ini sequences from antiretroviral treatment naive hiv-1 infected patients linked to care in northern poland from 2010 to 2015. drug resistance was interpreted based on the who surveillance and ias-usa mutation lists. for phylogeny maximum likelihood and bayesian monte carlo markov chain analyses were used. results: overall rate of transmitted drug resistancewas 12.21%. nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor (nrti) resistance associated substitutionswere found in 11.05% of cases and non-nucleoside reverse transcriptase inhibitor resistance variants in 1.16%. in multivariate models transmitted resistance strongly associated with subtype d infections [66.67% compared to the 3.84% for subtype b (p = 0.001)]. no transmission of major protease or integrasemutationswere observed. polymorphisms associatedwith resistance against integrase inhibitor, mostly e157q, were found in 21.5% sequences and associated with female (31.91% vs. 15.2% for male, p = 0.01), injection drug use (84.21% compared to 22.08% for heterosexual and 1.39% for men-who-have-sex-with-men transmissions, p<0.0001) as well as hepatitis c coinfection [63.64% for positive, versus 8.57% for hcv antibody negative, p<0.0001]. clusters of nucleoside reverse transcriptase mutations in subtype d and integrase e157q variants in subtype b were observed. conclusions: transmitted drug resistance frequency was high in subtype d but limited to clustered nrti mutations, being infrequent among subtype b infected cases. despite lack of major integrase resistance in treatment naive patients, variants potentially affecting susceptibility to this classwere common, which indicates the potential need for extended surveillance in the near future. (c) 2016 elsevier b. v. all rights reserved.
weight_loss	weight loss surgery that mechanically restricts consumers' bodies to limit their food intake is booming in a context of globesity (world health organization). based on a foucauldian analysis, this study contends that self-transformative experiences arise from normalizing practices that the advocates of a repressive medical bio power overlook. this article problematizes the idea of resistance and normativity by emphasizing the existence of various forms of agency, not all of which are predicated on the term of resistance. the author proposes 'embodied transformation' as escaping docile embodiment versus embodied resistance (the negative view of subjectification as subjecting) to tell of normalizing practices that become a locus of discovery of creative potentialities within restrictive contexts. the study detects two types of agency. consumers' discourses are driven by a temporal or narrative structure vs. a spatial or connective form of becoming. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
weight_loss	the present study aimed to determine the effect of a green tea supplement on anthropometric indices and inflammatory factors in women with polycystic ovary syndrome (pcos). in this randomized clinical trial, 45 women with pcos were randomly allocated into two groups receiving green tea tablets or placebo. the period of intervention was 45days. the serum levels of interleukin 6, high-sensitivity c-reactive protein, and tumor necrosis factor were measured before and after intervention period using the related kits. anthropometric indices also were measured. the mean of body mass index, weight, waist circumference, and body fat percentage in the green tea group were reduced significantly. however, no significant difference was observed between the two groups. also, there was no significant effect on the levels of inflammatory factors. the present results suggest that daily consumption of green tea tablets did not cause any effect on inflammation biomarkers in pcos women. however, it may be effective as a complementary treatment for weight control in these women. copyright (c) 2017 john wiley & sons, ltd.
weight_loss	laparoscopic adjustable gastric banding (lagb) is the third most popular bariatric procedure worldwide. various authors present ambivalent long-term follow up results. we revised records of the patients who underwent lagb between 2003 and 2006 along with history of additional check-ins. patients with outdated details were tracked with the national health insurance database and social media (facebook). an online survey was sent. the patients who did not have their band removed were included in this study. we calculated the percent total weight loss (%twl) and percent excess weight loss (%ewl), along with changes in body mass index (delta bmi). satisfactory weight loss was set at >50% ewl (for bmi = 25 kg/m(2)). since eight patients gained weight, we decided to include negative values of %twl, %ewl, and delta bmi. one hundred seven patients underwent lagb from 2003 to 2006. the mean follow-up time was 11.2 (+/- 1.2) years. eleven percent of patients were lost to follow up (n = 12). there was one perioperative death. fifty-four of the patients (n = 57) had their band removed. thirty-seven patients still have the band (39%) and were included in the study. the mean %ewl was 27% (-56-112%) and %twl was 11% (-19-53%). twelve patients achieved %ewl >50% (32%). thiry-two patients still suffer from obesity, with bmi over 30 kg/m(2). eight patients (22%) gained additional weight. patients with %ewl >50% suffered less from gastroesophageal reflux disease symptoms than those with ewl < 50% (p < 0.05). out of 107 cases, only 11.2% of patients with gastric band (n = 12) achieved satisfactory %ewl. twenty-two percent of patients regained their weight or even exceeded it. overall results suggest that lagb is not an effective bariatric procedure in long term observation.
weight_loss	calculation of energy and protein doses for critically ill patients is still a matter of controversy. for more than 40 years of nutrition support, the total amount of nutrients to be delivered to these patients has been calculated based on expert recommendations, and this calculation is based on the administration of nonprotein calories in one attempt to ameliorate catabolic response and avoid the weight loss. new evidence suggests protein delivery is the most important intervention to improve clinical and metabolic outcomes. this article describes the metabolic rationale and the new evidence supporting a change in the approach of metabolic support of the critically ill, proposing a physiological-based intervention supported by the recognition of ancillary characteristics of the metabolic response to trauma and injury. a moderate dose of calories around 15 kcal/kg/d with a delivery of protein of 1.5 g/kg/d appears to be the new recommendation for many hypercatabolic patients in the first week following injury.
weight_loss	postharvest uv exposure has been useful to i) delay senescence and ii) induce the accumulation of bioactive compounds in some vegetable species. however, no studies have been conducted to determine the treatment conditions (radiation dose and intensity) required to maximize these two diverse responses. in this work, we evaluated the effect of uv-b irradiation intensity (control: 0, low: 3.2, medium: 4.0 and high: 5.0 w/m(2)) and dose (0, 2, 4, 8, 12 kj/m(2)) on quality retention and antioxidant capacity of fresh broccoli florets during storage (4 degrees c for 17 days). exposure to low uv-b radiation and dose (2, 4 kj/m(2)) reduced broccoli weight loss, delayed yellowing and improved chlorophyll and chlorophyllide retention. after long term storage, no marked improvement on the antioxidant capacity was found regardless of the irradiation condition. evaluations at short time after uv-b exposure (0, 2, 6, 18 h) indicated that the treatments elicited antioxidant accumulation. greatest antioxidant capacity was found in broccoli subjected to high intensity uv-b. increased levels of aliphatic glucosinolates were found 18 h after the uv-b irradiation, whereas phenolic antioxidants peaked 6 h after the treatment. results showed that low uv-b doses and intensities delayed chlorophyll degradation and may be useful to complement refrigeration in fresh broccoli. instead, high intensity uv-b exposure may be better suited as a pre-treatment to increase the antioxidant capacity prior to further processing such us freezing. (c) 2017 elsevier b. v. all rights reserved.
weight_loss	the transport of nano-scale particles has become increasingly important, but the knowledge base available is limited. this study aims to bridge the knowledge gap between the nano-and micro-scales for pneumatic conveying. a key parameter is the minimum pickup velocity (u-pu), which is the minimum fluid velocity required to initiate motion in a particle originally at rest. the u-pu values of nine alumina particles with particle diameters (d(p)) ranging from 5 to 110,000 nm were determined using the weight loss method, then compared against the established pickup zones (analogous to the geldart groups). results indicated that: (1) u-pu varied non-monotonically with increasing d(p), thus revealing the missing link between the nano- and micro-scales; (2) the intermediate particle diameters surprisingly did not agree with any pickup zone; (3) zone iii (analogous to geldart group c) is inadequate for all the nano-scale particles, so new boundaries and a new zone are proposed. (c) 2016 american institute of chemical engineers aiche j
weight_loss	background: neonates are expected to have weight loss in the first few days of life. many factors are considered to affect newborn weight loss such as breastfeeding adequacy, maternal parity, intravenous fluids administered during labor, and environmental factors. most of the studies have yielded variable results. the primary objective of this study was to assess the pattern of newborn weight loss in initial 72 h after birth and the factors affecting it. the secondary objective was to assess the impact of initial weight loss on neonatal jaundice beyond 72 h and regaining birth weight at the 10(th) day of life. materials and methods: a study was carried out on 250 term exclusively breastfed newborn babies. neonates were weighed initially at birth and then regularly at 12 hourly intervals for 72 h. data pertaining to various maternal factors affecting neonatal weight loss, birth weight of newborns, and adequacy of breastfeeding were recorded. the weight of the neonates on the 10(th) day was also recorded. results: about 79.2% of babies lost 5%u10% of birth weight and 12.8% of babies lost more than 10%. the maximum weight loss occurred between 60 and 72 h of life. the mean (standard deviation [sd]) percentage of weight loss in babies with inadequate breastfeeding was 9.01 (2.58) compared to 7.31 (1.82) in the adequately breastfed babies (p < 0.001). the mean (sd) percentage of weight loss in babies born to primipara was 8.31 (1.77) and in multipara it was 7.51 (2.43) (p = 0.005). neonates who developed significant jaundice had a mean (sd) percentage weight loss of 9.87 (3.40) compared to the rest in whom it was 7.59 (1.92) (p < 0.001). in the subgroup of babies who lost 10% of birth weight at 72 h, 88.2% did not regain birth weight on day 10 of life as compared to 55% of babies in the subgroup with weight loss <10% (p < 0.003). conclusion: regular monitoring of weight in exclusively breastfed babies is potentially useful. particular attention may need to be given to primipara mothers and babies who lose more than 10% weight by 72 h.
weight_loss	background: general health promoting campaigns are often not targeted at the people who need them the most. web- and app-based tools are a new way to reach, motivate, and help people with poor health status. objective: the aim of our study was to test a web- and mobile app-based tool(""sosu-life"") on employees in the social welfare and health care sector in denmark. methods: a randomized controlled trial was carried out as a workplace intervention. the tool was designed to help users make healthy lifestyle changes such as losing weight, exercise more, and quit smoking. a team competition between the participating workplaces took place during the first 16 weeks of the intervention. twenty nursing homes for elderly people in 6 municipalities in denmark participated in the study. the employees at the nursing homes were randomized either 1: 1 or 2: 1 on a municipality level to use the sosu-life tool or to serve as a control group with no intervention. all participants underwent baseline measurements including body weight, waist circumference, body fat percentage, blood pressure, and blood cholesterol level and they filled in a questionnaire covering various aspects of health. the participants were measured again after 16 and 38 weeks. results: a total of 566 (sosu-life: n = 355, control: n = 211) participants were included in the study. at 16 weeks there were 369 participants still in the study (sosu-life: n = 227, control: n = 142) and 269 participants completed the 38 week intervention (sosu-life: n = 152, control: n = 117). at 38 weeks, the sosu-life group had a larger decrease in body weight (-1.01 kg, p =. 03), body fat percentage (-0.8%, p =. 03), and waist circumference (-1.8 cm, p =. 007) compared with the control group. conclusions: the sosu-life web- and app-based tool had a modest yet beneficial effect on body weight and body fat percentage in the health care sector staff.
weight_loss	corrosion tests were conducted under static conditions at 450 and 550 a degrees c for various oxygen contents and durations with single crystal and sintered alumina regarded as model materials for ceramics. extremely pure and dense sintered alumina exhibited no intergranular corrosion and identical behavior as single crystal. corrosion appeared to proceed by reaction of al2o3 with dissolved oxygen (na2o) to form sodium aluminate (naalo2). then, sodium aluminate was dissolved in liquid sodium by a mechanism that is still to be elucidated. the corrosion morphology was equivalent to dissolution. from weight loss measurement, linear kinetics were found with a constant dissolution rate of (61 +/- 2)10(-4) mg dm(-2) h(-1) at 550 a degrees c and low oxygen content (< 1 ppm). no significant corrosion rate could be measured at 450 a degrees c and low oxygen content. an order reaction kinetics with respect to dissolved oxygen content of 0.6 +/- 0.2 was found.
weight_loss	we aim to review the available literature on obese patients treated with bariatric procedures, in order to assess their effect on the metabolic and gut microbiota profiles. a systematic literature search was performed in pubmed, cochrane library, and scopus databases, in accordance with the prisma guidelines. twenty-two studies (562 patients) met the inclusion criteria. this study points to significant amelioration of postoperative levels of glucose, insulin, triglycerides, total cholesterol, ldl, hdl, homa-ir, food intake, and diabetes remission. branched-chain amino acids (bcaas) decreased, while trimethylamine-n-oxide (tmao); glucagon-like peptide 1, 2 (glp-1, glp-2); and peptide yy (pyy) increased postoperatively. postoperative gut microbiota was similar to that of lean and less obese objects. well-designed randomized trials are necessary to further assess the host metabolic-microbial cross-talk after bariatric procedures.
low_testosterone	men with congestive heart failure (chf) have relatively low testosterone levels. several studies demonstrated that testosterone treatment increases cardiac output and reduces peripheral vascular resistance. however, the effects of testosterone on heart function, cardiomyocyte apoptosis and ventricular remodeling have not been fully elucidated. this study was conducted to investigate the effects of testosterone on heart function, cardiomyocyte apoptosis and ventricular remodeling in male rats post-myocardial infarction. a total of 86 male rats were randomly assigned to undergo ligation of the coronary artery (n=70) or pseudosurgery (n=16). after 6 weeks, a left ventricular ejection fraction (lvef) of 45% was defined as a successful model of chf. the model rats were randomly assigned to 3 groups, namely low-dose testosterone (tu), high-dose tu and placebo (pl) groups. after treatment for 12 weeks, the expression of several mrna transcripts in myocardial tissue was measured by quantitative polymerase chain reaction. immunofluorescence was used to measure myocardial caspase-3 expression. compared to the pl group, lvef was significantly improved in the tu treatment groups. moreover, the mrna expression of atrial natriuretic peptide, brain natriuretic peptide, matrix metalloproteinase-2 and sarcoendoplasmic reticulum ca2+-atpase 2a was significantly reduced, while the mrna expression of glycogen synthase kinase 3 and tissue inhibitor of metalloproteinase-2 was markedly increased in the tu groups. tu treatment also significantly reduced caspase-3 expression. therefore, different doses of tu suppressed ventricular remodeling and improved left ventricular function, reduced apoptosis and prevented mortality in a chf rat model.
low_testosterone	serum testosterone is reduced in up to 90% of men with cirrhosis, with levels falling as liver disease advances. testosterone is an important anabolic hormone, with effects on muscle, bone, and hematopoiesis. many of the features of advanced liver disease are similar to those seen in hypogonadal men, including sarcopenia, osteoporosis, gynecomastia, and low libido. however, the relative contribution of testosterone deficiency to the symptomatology of advanced liver disease has not been well established. more recently, it has been demonstrated that low testosterone in men with cirrhosis is associated with increased mortality, independent of the classically recognized prognostic factors, such as the model for end-stage liver disease score. only several small clinical trials have examined the role of testosterone therapy in men with cirrhosis, none of which have resolved the issue of whether or not testosterone is beneficial. however, in men with organic hypogonadism due to structural hypothalamic-pituitary-testicular axis disease, testosterone therapy has been shown to improve muscle mass and bone mineral density, increase hemoglobin, and reduce insulin resistance. despite initial concerns linking testosterone with hepatocellular carcinoma, more recent data suggest that this risk has been overstated. there is, therefore, now a strong rationale to assess the efficacy and safety of testosterone therapy in cirrhosis in well-designed randomized controlled trials.
low_testosterone	introduction. women suffer from depression more frequently than men, which indicates that sex hormones might be involved in the etiology of this disease. aims. the purpose of this study was to assess the relationship between testosterone and depression pathophysiology in depressive women along with sexual function. we also investigated whether antidepressant treatment causes any change in levels of this hormone or in sexual function. methods. premenopausal female patients aged 25-46 years (n = 52) with diagnosed major depression were included in this study as the patient group, and 25- to 46-year-old premenopausal women without depression (n = 30) were included as the control group. main outcome measures. serum testosterone and sex hormone-binding globulin (shbg) levels were measured twice, before and after the antidepressant treatment. bioavailable testosterone (cbt) levels were calculated using the assay results for total testosterone (tt), shbg, and albumin according to the formulas of vermeulen et al. depression severity was measured using the 17-item hamilton depression rating scale, and sexual function was evaluated with the arizona sexual experience scale. results. the mean tt and cbt levels significantly increased in the patient group after the antidepressant treatment (p < 0.001). pre-treatment tt and cbt levels were significantly lower in the patient group than in the control group (p0.05). there were no significant differences among the groups in terms of shbg level. conclusion. the low testosterone levels in depressed women compared with women in the control group and the elevated levels post-pharmacotherapy suggest that testosterone may be involved in depression.
low_testosterone	background. growth hormone is the major regulator of growth and body composition. pulsatile gh secretion declines exponentially with age. testosterone replacement is being increasingly offered to older men with age-related low testosterone. testosterone administration has been shown to stimulate gh secretion. however, little is known about the effect of testosterone aromatization to estradiol on gh pulsatility and its impact on igf-1 in older men. objective. this randomized controlled proof-of-concept trial investigated the relative effects of testosterone and estradiol on gh pulsatility and igf-1 in older men with low testosterone. design. thirty-seven men, >= 65 years with total testosterone <350 ng/dl were randomized to 5 g transdermal testosterone gel (tt), 1 mg oral aromatase inhibitor (ai) or placebo daily for 12 months. primary outcome was deconvolution and approximate entropy analyses of pulsatile including basal and entropic modes of secretion performed at baseline and 3 months. secondary outcomes included igf-1 evaluated at baseline, 3 and 6 months. results. at 3 months, mean gh and in igf-1 were similar between the three groups. at 6 months, igf-1 significantly increased by delta 15.3 +/- 10.3 ng/ml in the tt-group compared to placebo (p = 0.03). both intervention groups significantly increased gh pulse frequency (tt-group, p = 0.04; ai-group, p = 0.05) compared to placebo. the gh secretory-burst mode (duration) significantly decreased in the tt-group (p = 0.0018) compared to placebo while it remained unchanged in the ai-group (p = 0.059). conclusions. in older men, testosterone increases gh pulse frequency while the aromatization to estradiol is involved in the rise of igf-1 levels. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
low_testosterone	objectives: to analyze the predictive value of psa for progression and the role of testosterone for quality of life (qol) in patients with androgen deprivation therapy (adt) for metastatic prostate cancer. materials and methods: psa and testosterone data were used from a phase iii trial randomizing patients without progression and psa < 4 ng/ml (n = 193), after 6 months induction course, between continuous (cad) (n = 96) and intermittent (iad) (a = 97) adt. the 2-year risk of progression was calculated for baseline psa, 'fast' and 'slow' psa decline to < 4 ng/ml (60 days cut-oft), psa nadir, performance status and pain. testosterone kinetics and qol were also evaluated. univariate kaplan meier survival analysis and log rank tests were used to compare the risk of progression. results: for progression analysis, 173 patients' data were available. the 2-year risk of progression for baseline psa < 50 ng/ml, 50 to= 500 ng/ml was 25%, 55%, and 76% (p = 0.03) in cad, and 38%, 64%, and 85% (p = 0.006) in iad, respectively. the 2-year risk of progression for psa nadir0.2 to 4 ng/ml in cad was 31% and 70% (p < 0.001), respectively. in the tad group, a similar trend was seen. patients with psa nadir 0.2 ng/ml, though had significantly higher 2-year risk of progression compared to cad (53% vs. 31% (p = 0.03), respectively. psa decline showed no predictive value. patients without pain had a significantly lower 2-year risk of progression in both groups. without adt testosterone remained at castrate level for 4 months. after the first and second iad cycle 92% and 46%, respectively, had a normalized testosterone. no qol difference was found, although more side effects occurred in cad. conclusions: metastatic prostate cancer patients with high baseline psa, pain, and high psa nadir have a poor prognosis with adt. patients with low psa nadir do significantly worse with tad compared with cad. low testosterone after adt and incomplete testosterone recovery may explain similar qol. therefore, tad is not a good treatment option for many metastatic prostate cancer patients. 2013 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
low_testosterone	objective: obesity-associated hypogonadism is hypothesized to be due to the suppressive effect of high estradiol (from an increase in aromatase activity present in the abundant adipose tissue) on the hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal unit resulting in low testosterone production. although weight loss has been found to be effective in reducing estradiol and raising testosterone levels in studies of younger men, its effect in frail, obese older men is understudied. thus, the objective of this study was to determine the effect of lifestyle intervention on hormone levels in frail, obese older men. design: randomized controlled trial of lifestyle intervention in frail, obese older men (>= 65 yo) for 1 year. setting: university hospital. methods: forty frail, obese elderly men were randomized, for a 52-week study, to any of the following treatment groups: (1) control group, (2) diet-induced weight loss group (diet group), (3) exercise training group (exercise group), and (4) diet-induced weight loss and exercise training group (diet-exercise group). the objective was to achieve a similar to 10 % weight loss at 6 months and maintain this weight for an additional 6 months. physical function was assessed by the modified physical performance testing (modified ppt). estradiol was measured by radioimmunoassay, testosterone by automated immunoassay, and sex hormone-binding globulin by enzyme-linked immunoassay. results: after 12 months of intervention, diet alone resulted in a weight loss of -10.1 +/- 1.9 kg in the diet group and -9.1 +/- 0.9 kg in the diet-exercise group. this resulted in a significant decrease (both p<0.05) in total estradiol compared to baseline among subjects in the diet (-2.5 +/- 1.3 pg/ml) and diet-exercise group (-2.2 +/- 4.0 pg/ml). free estradiol index also significantly decreased (both p<0.05) in both the diet (-0.39 +/- 0.14 pmol/nmol) and diet-exercise (-0.52 +/- 0.12 pmol/nmol) group. total testosterone significantly increased (p<0.05) in response to diet (71.0 +/- 21.0 ng/dl) and diet-exercise (49.9 +/- 15.5 pg/ml) resulting in values of 287.0 +/- 28.1 ng/dl in the diet and 317.6 +/- 33.1 ng/dl in the diet-exercise group. however, because there was a significant increase in sex hormonebinding globulin levels in both the diet and diet-exercise groups, free testosterone index and the changes in free testosterone index were not significant compared to baseline. regardless of changes in hormonal levels, patients in the diet, exercise, and diet-exercise groups experienced significant improvements in the modified ppt from baseline. conclusion: weight loss from lifestyle intervention resulted in significant decreases in total and free estradiol levels in frail, obese older men, but this did not result in a clinically important increase in total testosterone nor a significant increase in free testosterone. thus, alternative forms of treatment in addition to lifestyle intervention may be necessary to improve the hormonal profile among these patients. nevertheless, whether further improvement in hormonal profile would result in better physical performance than what can be achieved by lifestyle alone in these subjects remains uncertain.
low_testosterone	background. we describe the recruitment of men for the testosterone (t) trials, which were designed to determine the efficacy of t treatment. methods. men were eligible if they were >= 65 years, had an average of two morning total t values300 ng/ml, and had symptoms and objective evidence of mobility limitation, sexual dysfunction, and/or low vitality. men had to be eligible for and enroll in at least one of these three main trials (physical function, sexual function, vitality). results. men were recruited primarily through mass mailings in 12 u.s. communities: 82% of men who contacted the sites did so in response to mailings. men who responded were screened by telephone to ascertain eligibility. of 51,085 telephone screens, 53.5% were eligible for further screening. of 23,889 initial screening visits (sv1), 2,781 (11.6%) men were eligible for the second screening visit (sv2), which 2,261 (81.3%) completed. at sv2, 931 (41.2%) men met the criteria for one or more trials, the t level criterion and had no other exclusions. of these, 790 (84.6%) were randomized; 99 (12.5%) in all three trials and 348 (44%) in two trials. their mean age was 72 years and mean body mass index (bmi) was 31.0 kg/m(2). mean (standard deviation) total t (ng/dl) was 212.0 (40.0). conclusion: despite the telephone screening to enrollment ratio of 65 to 1, we met the recruitment goals for each trial. recruitment of symptomatic older men with low testosterone levels is difficult but feasible.
low_testosterone	prediabetes represents an elevation of plasma glucose above the normal range but below that of clinical diabetes. prediabetes includes individuals with ifg, igt, ifg with igt and elevated hba1c levels. insulin resistance and beta-cell dysfunction are characteristic of this disorder. the diagnosis of prediabetesis is vital as both ifg and igt are indeed well-known risk factors for type 2 diabetes with a greater risk in the presence of combined ifg and igt. furthermore, as will be illustrated in this review, prediabetes is associated with associated disorders typically only considered in with established diabetes. these include cardiovascular disease, periodontal disease, cognitive dysfunction, microvascular disease, blood pressure abnormalities, obstructive sleep apnea, low testosterone, metabolic syndrome, various biomarkers, fatty liver disease, and cancer. as the vast majority of individuals with prediabetes are unaware of their diagnosis, it is therefore vital that the associated conditions are identified, particularly in the presence of mild hyperglycemia, so they may benefit from early intervention.
low_testosterone	we report two newborns with female external genitalia and bilateral inguinal swelling who were diagnosed with 17 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 3 deficiency, a rare cause of 46,xy disorder of sexual development. the first case had normal clitoral size and vaginal and urethral openings, palpable gonads in the inguinal region, low testosterone, and low levels of basal and gnrh-stimulated gonadotropin. the second case had similar external genitalia, low testosterone but borderline basal and normal stimulated gonadotropin levels. low testosterone/androstenedione ratios (0.22 and 0.24, respectively; normal, >0.8) after human chorionic gonadotropin stimulation indicated 17 beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase type 3 deficiency. hsd17b3 sequencing revealed a homozygous novel mutation (c.464a>c, p.h155p) in exon 6 in the first case and homozygous c.239g>a (p.r80q) in exon 3 in the second.
low_testosterone	hypogonadism is common throughout the illness trajectory of patients with cancer. about two thirds of male patients with advanced cancer have hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal dysfunction and low testosterone levels. chronic inflammation, comorbidities, cachexia, chemotherapy, and medications such as opioids, megestrol acetate, and corticosteroids contribute to primary and secondary hypogonadism. studies have reported increased symptom burden, diminished quality of life, and poor prognosis associated with low testosterone levels in males with cancer. the endocrine society has published clinical practice guidelines for replacing testosterone in symptomatic patients with chronic illness and in patients receiving opioids; however, the role of testosterone therapy specifically in patients with cancer is not addressed. this review explores the potential benefits and limitations of testosterone replacement on the basis of current evidence.
fungal_infection	arginine is a semi-essential amino acid that affects physiological and biochemical functions. the cpa2 gene in yeast encodes a large subunit of arginine-specific carbamoyl phosphate synthetase (cps) and is involved in arginine biosynthesis. here, an ortholog of yeast cpa2 was identified in the rice blast fungus magnaporthe oryzae, and was named mocpa2. mocpa2 is an 1180-amino acid protein which contains an atp grasp domain and two cpsase domains. targeted deletion of mocpa2 supported its role in de novo arginine biosynthesis in m. oryzae as mutant phenotypes were complemented by arginine but not ornithine. the delta mocpa2 mutant exhibited defects in asexual development and pathogenicity but not appressorium formation. further examination revealed that the invasive hyphae of the delta mocpa2 mutant were restricted mainly to the primary infected cells. in addition, the delta mocpa2 mutant was unable to induce a plant defense response and had the ability to scavenge ros during pathogen-plant interactions. structure analysis revealed that the atp grasp domain and each cps domain were indispensable for the proper localization and full function of mocpa2. in summary, our results indicate that mocpa2 plays an important role in arginine biosynthesis, and affects growth, conidiogenesis, and pathogenicity. these results suggest that research into metabolism and processes that mediate amino acid synthesis are valuable for understanding m. oryzae pathogenesis.
fungal_infection	near-infrared (nir) hyperspectral imaging system was used to detect five concentration levels of ochratoxin a (ota) in contaminated wheat kernels. the wheat kernels artificially inoculated with two different ota producing penicillium verrucosum strains, two different non-toxigenic p. verrucosum strains, and sterile control wheat kernels were subjected to nir hyperspectral imaging. the acquired three-dimensional data were reshaped into readable two-dimensional data. principal component analysis (pca) was applied to the two dimensional data to identify the key wavelengths which had greater significance in detecting ota contamination in wheat. statistical and histogram features extracted at the key wavelengths were used in the linear, quadratic and mahalanobis statistical discriminant models to differentiate between sterile control, five concentration levels of ota contamination in wheat kernels, and five infection levels of non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels. the classification models differentiated sterile control samples from ota contaminated wheat kernels and non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels with a 100% accuracy. the classification models also differentiated between five concentration levels of ota contaminated wheat kernels and between five infection levels of non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels with a correct classification of more than 98%. the non-ota producing p. verrucosum inoculated wheat kernels and ota contaminated wheat kernels subjected to hyperspectral imaging provided different spectral patterns. crown copyright (c) 2017 published by elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
fungal_infection	agarwood formation in aquilaria malaccensis could be artificially stimulated by fungal infection. furthermore, a. malaccensis adapts to this infection by developing typical included phloem boundary within xylem tissues. naturally synthesized agarwood requires a lengthy process of up to 30 years, which impedes its continuous production. therefore, recent effort has been allocated to the elucidation of agarwood formation to stimulate its process rapidly. in this study, we artificially induced agarwood formation by injection and inoculation of cultivated aquilaria malaccensis with four strains of fusarium solani isolated from different places in indonesia. the results showed that a. malaccensis responded differently upon wounding and fungal inoculations compared to healthy trees. all wounded and inoculated samples resulted in the formation of typical discoloration zone surrounding injection sites. further anatomical observation revealed that both samples also developed included phloem structures in which resinous agarwood compounds were accumulated. gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (gc-ms) analysis of the inoculated samples yielded some important agarwood compounds such as tridecanoic acid, alpha-santalol, and spathulenol, which were not present in both healthy controls and only wounded samples. notably, one of the tested f. solani, strain gorontalo displayed promising results as a candidate for artificially induced agarwood formation in a. malaccensis in terms of color, odor, and chemical constituents.
fungal_infection	here, we report a patient developing a postoperative peritoneal infection by aspergillus fumigatus. while galactomannan serum levels were negative throughout the time course, galactomannan levels in peritoneal fluids yielded high results. serological testing of peritoneal fluids for fungal antigens might be a useful and easily applicable tool to support diagnosis of intraabdominal aspergillosis, which represents a rare type of invasive fungal infection.
fungal_infection	host-associated microbiomes perform many beneficial functions including resisting pathogens and training the immune system. here, we show that amphibians developing in captivity lose substantial skin bacterial diversity, primarily due to reduced ongoing input from environmental sources. we combined studies of wild and captive amphibians with a database of over 1 000 strains that allows us to examine antifungal function of the skin microbiome. we tracked skin bacterial communities of 62 endangered boreal toads, anaxyrus boreas, across 18 time points, four probiotic treatments, and two exposures to the lethal fungal pathogen batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (bd) in captivity, and compared these to 33 samples collected from wild populations at the same life stage. as the amphibians in captivity lost the bd-inhibitory bacteria through time, the proportion of individuals exposed to bd that became infected rose from 33% to 100% in subsequent exposures. inoculations of the bd-inhibitory probiotic janthinobacterium lividum resulted in a 40% increase in survival during the second bd challenge, indicating that the effect of microbiome depletion was reversible by restoring bd-inhibitory bacteria. taken together, this study highlights the functional role of ongoing environmental inputs of skin-associated bacteria in mitigating a devastating amphibian pathogen, and that long-term captivity decreases this defensive function.
fungal_infection	granulocyte transfusions have a long history of being used in patients with neutropenia or neutrophil dysfunction to prevent and treat invasive fungal infections. however, there are limited and conflicting data concerning its clinical effectiveness, considerable variations in current granulocyte transfusion practices, and uncertainties about its benefit as an adjunct to modern antifungal therapy. in this review, we provide an overview on granulocyte transfusions and summarize the evidence on their role in the prevention and treatment of invasive fungal infections.
fungal_infection	background. solid organ transplant (sot) recipients are at risk of nocardiosis, a rare opportunistic bacterial infection, but prognosis and outcome of these patients are poorly defined. our objectives were to identify factors associated with 1-year mortality after nocardiosis and describe the outcome of patients receiving short-course antibiotics (<= 120 days). methods. we analyzed data from a multicenter european case-control study that included 117 sot recipients with nocardiosis diagnosed between 2000 and 2014. factors associated with 1-year all-cause mortality were identified using multivariable conditional logistic regression. results. one-year mortality was 10-fold higher in patients with nocardiosis (16.2%, 19/117) than in control transplant recipients (1.3%, 3/233, p<.001). a history of tumor (odds ratio [or], 1.4; 95% confidence interval [ci], 1.1-1.8), invasive fungal infection (or, 1.3; 95% ci, 1.1-1.5), and donor age (or, 1.0046; 95% ci, 1.0007-1.0083) were independently associated with 1-year mortality. acute rejection in the year before nocardiosis was associated with improved survival (or, 0.85; 95% ci, 0.73-0.98). seventeen patients received short-course antibiotics (median duration 56 [24-120] days) with a 1-year success rate (cured and surviving) of 88% and a 5.9% risk of relapse (median follow-up 49 [6-136] months). conclusions. one-year mortality was 10-fold higher in sot patients with nocardiosis than in those without. four factors, largely reflecting general medical condition rather than severity and/or management of nocardiosis, were independently associated with 1-year mortality. patients who received short-course antibiotic treatment had good outcomes, suggesting that this may be a strategy for further study.
fungal_infection	fungal infections like paecilomyces keratitis have emerged in childhood recently. the diagnosis and treatment of paecilomyces keratitis is difficult and the outcome is usually poor. corneal culture should be performed on fungal media such as sabouraud glucose neopeptone agar (sda) as soon as possible for diagnosis. we report a rare case of paecilomyces keratitis in an immunocompetent child, which was unresponsive to amphotericin b. the case was managed by a multidisciplinary approach involving the departments of ophthalmology, microbiology and pediatric infectious diseases. we want to draw attention once again that fungal keratitis caused by unusual agents are increasing. physicians should consider fungal causes of keratitis, in patients with some predisposing factors like ocular surgery and prolonged use of topical corticosteroids.
fungal_infection	objective. to investigate the spectrum, antibiotic-resistant pattern, risk factors, and outcomes of infection in patients hospitalized with systemic lupus erythematosus (sle). methods. we collected the clinical and microbiological data from hospitalized patients with sle with infection between june 2005 and june 2015, and then conducted retrospective analyses. results. among our sample of 3815 hospitalized patients, 1321 (34.6%) were diagnosed with infection. the majority (78.3%) of infection occurred within 5 years of sle onset. bacterial infection was predominant (50.6%), followed by viral infection (36.4%) and fungal infection (12.5%). the lungs (33.7%) and upper respiratory tracts (26.3%) were most commonly affected. gram-negative bacteria (gnb) were predominant over gram-positive bacteria (178 isolates vs 90 isolates). the most frequently isolated bacteria were escherichia coli (24.6%), followed by acinetobacter baumannii (13.4%) and coagulase-negative staphylococcus (13.4%). multidrug-resistant (mdr) strains were detected in 26.9% of bacterial isolates. the most common fungus was candida spp. (99 episodes), followed by aspergillus (24 episodes) and cryptococcus neoformans (13 episodes). the overall mortality rate for this cohort was 2.2%; 48 patients died of infection. factors associated with bacterial and viral infection were higher systemic lupus erythematosus disease activity index, renal involvement, thrombocytopenia, accumulated dose of glucocorticoids (gc), and treatment with cyclophosphamide (cyc). renal involvement, accumulated dose of gc, and treatment with cyc were associated with fungal infection. conclusion. infection was the leading cause of mortality in patients hospitalized with sle. there were some notable features of infection in chinese patients including early onset, higher proportion of respiratory tract involvement, predominance of gnb with emergence of mdr isolates, and a variety of pathogens.
fungal_infection	background: invasive fungal infection (ifi) is a fatal infection in haematology patients. there is an urgent need for reliable screening methods facilitating timely diagnosis and treatment. a real-time panfungal polymerase chain reaction (pcr) assay based on taqman technology targeting 18s ribosomal rna gene was used to screen whole blood specimen obtained from series of haematology malignancy patients for ifis. materials and methods: the panfungal (pan-acf) assay was employed to investigate specimen from 133 patients in duplicate with suspected ifi. in addition twenty healthy subjects and twenty patients with bacterial infections were taken as control. the patients with suspected ifi were also diagnosed by conventional methods including direct microscopy, culture techniques and antigen detection (galactomannan antigen elisa and latex agglutination for cryptococcal antigen). the results of molecular testing were evaluated in relation to the criteria proposed by the european organization for research and treatment of cancer and patients were classified as having proven and probable ifd. results: of 133 patients, 89 had proven, 18 had probable and 26 had possible ifi. one hundred four samples were reverse transcription-pcr positive. of 89 proven cases, 84 were panfungal pcr positive. these 84 cases included 82 cases which revealed growth on fungal blood culture and two cases were negative on fungal blood culture. of the 82 cases which revealed growth on culture: 74 grew candida in culture, 3 grew fusarium solani, 5 grew aspergillus species on blood culture. the later five were also galactomannan antigen positive. the five specimen which were negative on panfungal pcr, two grew trichosporon asahii, one grew candida rugosa and two grew as cryptococcus neoformans var. neoformans. of the 18 probable cases, 18 were panfungal pcr positive. these were also galactomannan antigen positive. the sensitivity and specificity of panfungal pcr in proven cases were 94.3% and 95.2%, respectively. the positive and negative predictive values proven cases were 97.6% and 88.9%, respectively. conclusions: the panfungal (pan-acf) real-time pcr assay can detect common fungal genera and it may be used as an adjunct to conventional methods for screening of ifi.
diabetes	prolonged hyperglycemia activates the formation of advanced glycation end-products (ages). major dicarbonyl compounds such as methylglyoxal or glyoxal are found to be the main precursors of ages and n(epsilon)-(carboxymethyl)lysine (cml) found to be predominantly higher in the diabetic population. we hypothesized that phloretin from apple and [6]-gingerol from ginger inhibit formation of ages and suppress the receptor for advanced glycation end products (rage) via nuclear factor erythroid-2-related-factor-2 (nrf2)-dependent pathway. phloretin and [6]-gingerol were supplemented at two different doses to c57bl/6 mice on high fat diet or standard diet for a period of 17 weeks. phloretin or [6]-gingerol supplementation significantly reduced plasma glucose, alanine aminotransferase, aspartate aminotransferase, ages and insulin levels. phloretin and [6]-gingerol also decreased the levels of ages and cml levels, via nrf2 pathway, enhancing gsh/gssg ratio, heme oxygenase-1 and glyoxalase 1 in liver tissue. these results suggest that phloretin and [6]-gingerol are potential dietary compounds that can alleviate diabetes-induced complications. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
diabetes	latest time-series research conducted in madrid has reported associations of road traffic noise with cause specific daily mortality. based on the results from that research, this study presents the health impact of urban noise for the period 2003-2009 as the number of avoidable deaths from various cardiovascular, respiratory, and metabolic diseases. the impact of noise on cardiovascular mortality exceeds that of fine particles (pm2.5) in the two population groups considered:65 years of age. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
diabetes	background: gestational diabetes mellitus (gdm) is associated with both short-and long-term adverse health consequences for both the mother and her offspring. the aim was to study the prevalence and risk factors for gdm in beijing. methods: the study population consisted of 15,194 pregnant women attending prenatal care in 15 hospitals in beijing, who delivered between june 20, 2013, and november 30, 2013, after 28 weeks of gestation. the participants were selected by cluster sampling from the 15 hospitals identified through random systematic sampling based on the number of deliveries in 2012. a questionnaire was designed to collect information. results: a total of 2987 (19.7%) women were diagnosed with gdm and 208 (1.4%) had diabetes in pregnancy (dip). age (or: 1.053, 95% ci: 1.033-1.074, p < 0.01), family history of diabetes mellitus (or: 1.481, 95% ci: 1.254-1.748, p < 0.01), prepregnancy body mass index (bmi) (or: 1.481,95% ci: 1.254-1.748, p < 0.01), bmi gain before 24 weeks (or: 1.126, 95% ci: 1.075-1.800, p < 0.01), maternal birth weight (p < 0.01), and fasting plasma glucose at the first prenatal visit (p < 0.01) were identified as risk factors for gdm. in women with birth weight < 3000 g, gdm rate was significantly higher. conclusions: one out of every five pregnant women in beijing either had gdm or dip and this constitutes a huge health burden for health services. prepregnancy bmi and weight gain before 24 h week are important modifiable risk factors for gdm. ensuring birth weight above 3000 g may help reduce risk for future gdm among female offsprings.
diabetes	background: advancements in research and clinical care have considerably extended the life expectancy of cystic fibrosis (cf) patients. however, with this extended survival come comorbidities. one of the leading co-morbidities is cf-related bone disease (cfbd), which progresses with disease severity and places patients at high risk for fractures, particularly of the ribs and vertebrae. evidence that cf patients with vertebral fractures had higher bone mineral density (bmd) than the nonfracture group led us to postulate that bone quality is impaired in these patients. we therefore examined rib specimens resected at the time of lung transplant in cf patients to measure parameters of bone quantity and quality. methods: in this exploratory study, we analysed 19 end-stage cf and 13 control rib specimens resected from otherwise healthy lung donors. bmd, bone microarchitecture, static parameters of bone formation and resorption and microcrack density of rib specimens were quantified by imaging, histomorphometric and histological methods. variables reflecting the mineralization of ribs were assessed by digitized microradiography. the degree of bone mineralization (g/cm(3)) and the heterogeneity index of the mineralization (g/cm(3)) were calculated for trabecular and cortical bone. results: compared to controls, cf ribs exhibited lower areal and trabecular volumetric bmd, decreased trabecular thickness and osteoid parameters, and increased microcrack density, that was particularly pronounced in specimens from patients with cf-related diabetes. static parameters of bone resorption were similar in both groups. degree of mineralization of total bone, but not heterogeneity index, was increased in cf specimens. conclusion: the combination of reduced bone mass, altered microarchitecture, imbalanced bone remodeling (maintained bone resorption but decreased formation), increased microdamage and a small increase of the degree of mineralization, may lead to decreased bone strength, which, when coupled with chronic coughing and chest physical therapy, may provide an explanation for the increased incidence of rib fractures previously reported in this population. 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
diabetes	type-2 diabetes (t2d) is associated in observational studies with both higher bone mineral density (bmd) and higher fracture risk for given bmd. these relationships may however be confounded by factors such as body mass index (bmi). here we used mendelian randomization (mr) to obtain non-confounded estimates of the effect of t2d and glycemic traits on bmd. we identified genetic variants strongly associated with t2d risk (34,840 t2d cases and 114,981 controls) and fasting glucose (133,010 nondiabetic individuals), but not associated with bmi, and determined the effects of these variants on bmd (up to 83,894 individuals). using these variants as instrumental variables, we found that a genetically-increased risk of t2d increased femoral neck bmd (+0.034 sd in bmd per unit increase in log-odds of t2d [95% ci, 0.001 to 0.067; p=0.044]). genetically-increased fasting glucose also increased femoral neck bmd (+0.13 sd in bmd per mmol/l increase in fasting glucose [95% ci, 0.01 to 0.25; p=0.034]). similar nonsignificant trends were observed for the effects of t2d and fasting glucose on lumbar spine bmd. our results indicate that both genetically-increased t2d risk and genetically-increased fasting glucose have weak positive effects on bmd. (c) 2016 american society for bone and mineral research.
diabetes	autoimmune diseases have a high prevalence in the population, and autoimmune thyroid disease (aitd) is one of the most common representatives. thyroid autoantibodies are not only frequently detected in patients with aitd but also in subjects without manifest thyroid dysfunction. the high prevalence raises questions regarding a potential role in extra -thyroidal diseases. this review summarizes the etiology and mechanism of aitd and addresses prevalence of antibodies against thyroid peroxidase, thyroid -stimulating hormone receptor (tshr), and anti-thyroglobulin and their action outside the thyroid. the main issues limiting the reliability of the conclusions drawn here include problems with different specificities and sensitivities of the antibody detection assays employed, as well as potential confounding effects of altered thyroid hormone levels, and lack of prospective studies. in addition to the well-known effects of tshr antibodies on fibroblasts in graves' disease (gd), studies speculate on a role of anti -thyroid antibodies in cancer. all antibodies may have a tumor -promoting role in breast cancer carcinogenesis despite anti -thyroid peroxidase antibodies having a positive prognostic effect in patients with overt disease. cross -reactivity with lactoperoxidase leading to induction of chronic inflammation might promote breast cancer, while anti -thyroid antibodies in manifest breast cancer might be an indication for a more active immune system. a better general health condition in older women with anti -thyroid peroxidase antibodies might support this hypothesis. the different actions of the anti -thyroid antibodies correspond to differences in cellular location of the antigens, titers of the circulating antibodies, duration of antibody exposure, and immunological mechanisms in gd and hashimoto 's thyroiditis.
diabetes	infections caused by acinetobacter baumannii (ab), an increasingly prevalent nosocomial pathogen, have been associated with high morbidity and mortality. we conducted this study to analyze the clinical features, outcomes, and factors influencing the survival of patients with ab bacteremia. we retrospectively examined the medical records of all patients developing ab bacteremia during their hospital stay at a tertiary care hospital in beirut between 2010 and 2015. ninety episodes of ab bacteremia were documented in eighty-five patients. univariate analysis showed that prior exposure to high dose steroids, diabetes mellitus, mechanical ventilation, prior use of colistin and tigecycline, presence of septic shock, and critical care unit stay were associated with a poor outcome. high dose steroids and presence of septic shock were significant on multivariate analysis. crude mortality rate was 63.5%. 70.3% of the deaths were attributed to the bacteremia. on acquisition, 39 patients had septicemia. despite high index of suspicion and initiation of colistin and/or tigecycline in 18/39 patients, a grim outcome could not be averted and 37 patients died within 2.16 days. seven patients had transient benign bacteremia; three of which were treated with removal of the line. the remaining four did not receive any antibiotics due to withdrawal of care and died within 26.25 days of acquiring the bacteremia, with no signs of persistent infection on follow up. a prolonged hospital stay is frequently associated with loss of functionality, and steroid and antibiotic exposure. these factors seem to impact the mortality of ab bacteremia, a disease with high mortality rate and limited therapeutic options.
diabetes	background and purpose it is now known that post-transplant graft function after deceased-donor liver transplantation and living-donor liver transplantation (ldlt) differ; however, there is no report assessing the relationship between graft function and the development of new-onset diabetes mellitus after transplantation (nodat). we conducted this study to identify the predictive risk factors for nodat, including graft function after ldlt. methods the subjects of this study were 175 adult recipients who underwent ldlt at kyoto university hospital between 2006 and 2010, and survived for more than 3 months (median observation period, 1046 days). results the 1-, 2-, and 3-year incidences of nodat after ldlt were 26.1, 32.0, and 33.4%, respectively. pre-transplant diabetes was associated with poor survival (p = 0.0048), whereas nodat was not associated with patient survival. in the multivariate analysis, recipient age >= 40, a tacrolimus trough level >= 8 ng/ml 3 months after ldlt, and cholinesterase (che) < 185 iu/l 3 months after ldlt were the independent risk factors for nodat. conclusions poor graft synthetic function 3 months after ldlt as well as older age of the recipient and a higher tacrolimus concentration were strongly associated with nodat development after ldlt.
diabetes	non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (nafld) is associated with obesity, insulin resistance, type 2 diabetes and cardiovascular disease and can be considered the hepatic manifestation of the metabolic syndrome. nafld represents a spectrum of disease, from the relatively benign simple steatosis to the more serious non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, which can progress to liver cirrhosis, hepatocellular carcinoma and end-stage liver failure, necessitating liver transplantation. although the increasing prevalence of nafld in developed countries has substantial implications for public health, many of the precise mechanisms accounting for the development and progression of nafld are unclear. the environment in early life is an important determinant of cardiovascular disease risk in later life and studies suggest this also extends to nafld. here we review data from animal models and human studies which suggest that fetal and early life exposure to maternal under- and overnutrition, excess glucocorticoids and environmental pollutants may confer an increased susceptibility to nafld development and progression in offspring and that such effects may be sex-specific. we also consider studies aimed at identifying potential dietary and pharmacological interventions aimed at reducing this risk. we suggest that further human epidemiological studies are needed to ensure that data from animal models are relevant to human health.
diabetes	endogenous alcohol has been applied for spontaneous ethanol production via different metabolic pathways of the human body. auto-brewery syndrome describes the patients with alcohol intoxication after ingesting carbohydrate-rich meals. the main objective of this study is to investigate the effect of diabetes mellitus (dm), liver cirrhosis (lc) and presence of both (dm and lc) on blood alcohol concentration (bac) especially after carbohydrate ingestion. bac has been measured by headspace gas chromatography-mass spectrometry in three groups of humans namely control, dm, lc and both (dm and lc) groups. the results showed that bac in control group was 0.01-.3 mg/dl with mean 0.3 +/- 0.41 mg/dl. in patients with dm, bac is significantly higher than that of control group 4.85 +/- 3.96 mg/dl. in patients with lc, bac was 3.45 +/- 2.65 mg/dl. in patients with both dm and lc, bac increases to reach 10.88 +/- 5.36 mg/dl. endogenous ethanol production appears to increase in dm and lc. also, it increased much more in patients with both diseases, but it did not reach toxic levels. on comparing bac and blood glucose level in each group, all groups show insignificant correlations (p >0.05).
parenting	although parenting is one of the most commonly studied predictors of child problem behavior, few studies have examined parenting as a multidimensional and dynamic construct. this study investigated different patterns of developmental trajectories of two parenting dimensions (harsh discipline [hd] and parental warmth [pw]) with a person-oriented approach and examined the associations between different parenting patterns and child externalizing problems and callous-unemotional traits. data were drawn from the combined high-risk control and normative sample (n = 753) of the fast track project. parent-reported hd and observer-reported pw from kindergarten to grade 2 were fit to growth mixture models. two subgroups were identified for hd (low decreasing, 83.0 %; high stable, 17.0 %) and pw (high increasing, 78.7 %; low increasing, 21.3 %). the majority of parents (67.0 %) demonstrated the low decreasing hd and high increasing pw pattern, while the prevalence of the high stable hd and low increasing pw pattern was the lowest (6.8 %). parenting satisfaction, parental depression, family socioeconomic status, and neighborhood safety predicted group memberships jointly defined by the two dimensions. children from the high stable hd and low increasing pw pattern showed the highest levels of externalizing problems in grades 4 and 5. children from the low decreasing hd and low increasing pw pattern showed the highest levels of callous-unemotional traits in grade 7. these findings demonstrate the utility and significance of a person-oriented approach to measuring parenting as a multidimensional and dynamic construct and reveal the interplay between hd and pw in terms of their influences on child developmental outcomes.
parenting	backgroundpractices to facilitate self-determination have not received appropriate attention in research concerning parents with intellectual disabilities (id). likewise, parenting interventions for adults with intellectual disabilities have seldom observed both parent and child behavioural outcomes. methodsthis study evaluated the effectiveness of a parenting intervention embedded with self-determination facilitation practices for two dyads of a parent with intellectual disabilities and their young child. the interventions focused on increasing parents' ability to correctly implement steps of a parenting routine while reducing occurrence of challenging child behaviour. resultsthe results of the study demonstrated two basic effects of correctly completed steps of the parenting routine and a reduction of challenging child behaviour. parents also reported decreased feelings of stress during the routine following completion of the intervention. conclusionsimplications for future research and replication of this pilot study are discussed.
parenting	providing educative help at home means that professionals have to enter into the intimacy of families and share daily tasks often for a long time. family support workers spend many hours alongside parents, helping them with their domestic and parenting tasks. this paper reports findings from an ethnographic study in which the researcher notes and gathers personal accounts relating to material and non-material exchanges between professionals and parents. it analyses the various forms of exchanges between families and family support workers that are permitted, tolerated or excluded by employers. it shows the informal side of professionals working with parents at home.
parenting	the present study was designed to examine mothers' emotional reactions, causal attributions, and socialization strategies in response to preschool children 's engagement in proactive and reactive physical aggression with peers during free play at school. participants were 84 mothers (m-age=31.83, sd=4.48) with preschool-aged children (m-age=4.92, sd=0. 97), residing in ankara, turkey. supporting our expectations, mothers reacted with negative emotions to both functions of aggressive behaviours, with less anxiety, disappointment, embarrassment, and guilt for reactive aggression. they also believed that reactive aggression is more contextually dependent and intentional and reported more indirect (e.g., asking the child, teacher, or other children to find out more about the situation and aggressive episode) and other-oriented strategies (e.g., telling the other child to behave properly) to address these behaviours. overall, our findings suggest that turkish mothers' feelings, perceptions, and socialization approaches to childhood aggression vary depending on the functions of aggression, and mothers perceive preschool-aged children 's engagement in reactive aggression in the school setting as relatively more acceptable than proactive aggression. copyright (c) 2016 john wiley & sons, ltd.
parenting	purpose patients with advanced disease are living longer and commonly used patient-reported outcome measures (proms) may miss relevant elements of the quality of extended survival. this systematic review examines the measures used to capture aspects of the quality of survival including impact on patients' everyday lives such as finances, work and family roles. methods searches were conducted in medline, embase, cinahl and psycinfo restricted to english language articles. information on study characteristics, instruments and outcomes was systematically extracted and synthesised. a predefined set of criteria was used to rate the quality of studies. results from 2761 potentially relevant articles, 22 met all inclusion criteria, including 10 concerning financial distress, 3 on roles and responsibilities and 9 on multiple aspects of social well-being. generally, studies were not of high quality; many lacked bias free participant selection, had confounding factors and had not accounted for all participants. high levels of financial distress were reported and were associated with multiple demographic factors such as age and income. there were few reports concerned with impacts on patients' roles/responsibilities in everyday life although practical and emotional struggles with parenting were identified. social difficulties were common and associated with multiple factors including being a caregiver. many studies were single time-point surveys and used non-validated measures. exceptions were employment of the cost and social difficulties inventory (sdi), validated measures of financial and social distress respectively. conclusions impact on some important parts of patients' everyday lives is insufficiently and inconsistently captured. further prom development focussing on roles and responsibilities, including work and caring for dependents, is warranted. implications for cancer survivors factors such as finances, employment and responsibility for caring for dependants (e.g. children and elderly relatives) can affect the well-being of cancer survivors. there is a need to ensure that any instruments used to assess patients' social well-being are broad enough to include these areas so that any difficulties arising can be better understood and appropriately supported.
parenting	the increase in fathers' involvement in childrearing, particularly beyond infancy, warrants research exploring factors influencing the quality of child-father attachment relationships, and the impact of these relationships on children 's social development. the current investigation explored various correlates of preschoolers' child-father attachment security to both parents, including contextual factors (i.e., socioeconomic status, child temperament, parenting stress), parental play sensitivity, and child social adaptation. participants included 107 preschool-aged children (59 girls; m = 46.67 months, sd = 8.57) and their fathers and mothers. results revealed that both mothers' and fathers' play sensitivity were associated with child attachment security after controlling for different contextual factors. furthermore, the magnitude of the association between child conduct problems and child-father attachment insecurity was stronger than the corresponding association with child-mother attachment insecurity. findings provide important information on caregiving factors associated with child-father attachment security in the preschool years and the importance of this bond to children 's social adaptation.
parenting	this article explores pre-school reform and shifting norms of parenthood in singapore. whereas current education reforms in many western countries focus on improving academic performance, pre-school reform in singapore de-emphasises academic learning and urges parents to adopt 'relaxed' parenting practices. analysing the position of parents in this process, we show, however, that the outcomes of this reform project are highly ambivalent. reform makers view parents' mindset as the main obstacle to reform, while parents experience pre-school reform itself as prompting inconsistent messages. to account for the disorientation that this creates among parents, we draw on bateson 's concept of double bind. (c) 2016 john wiley & sons ltd and national children 's bureau
parenting	aims: developing and evaluating an email-based intervention (ebi) to enhance alcohol-related parenting skills and reduce alcohol consumption among adolescents. methods: over four weeks, participating parents received a weekly email containing scientific findings, practical advice and exercises in relation to such topics as alcohol-related rule-setting and communication. using a randomised controlled trial (id: drks00007763), data from 467 parents and 173 adolescents were collected via self-report online questionnaires and analysed by means of repeated measures analysis of variance. findings: controlling for baseline, parents in the intervention group (ig) scored higher for being informed (parents of girls: f=19.023, p=0.000; parents of boys: f=30.294, p=0.000) and for self-efficacy (parents of girls: f=6.122, p=0.014; parents of boys: f=10.195, p=0.002) at follow-up and, in the case of boys, were more successful in maintaining strict rules on alcohol consumption (f=13.704, p=0.000) than parents in the control group (cg) (girls: f=1.627; p=0.204). boys whose parents were in the ig reported less heavy episodic drinking at follow-up (f=4.192, p=0.043), controlled for baseline, than those with parents in the cg (girls: f=0.567; p=0.454). conclusions: the ebi has positive effects on alcohol-related parenting and may reduce heavy episodic drinking among boys. since it is delivered via email, the programme has considerable potential to reach many parents at low cost.
parenting	one of the most important considerations in designing clinical infant research studies is the selection of reliable and valid measurement procedures. few measures of caregiver-child interactions have been studied with newborns, particularly premature infants. the main objective of this study was to examine psychometric properties of the national institute of child health and human development (nichd) mother-child interaction qualitative ratings in a sample of premature infants and their mothers to evaluate its use in the neonatal intensive care unit. mother-baby dyads (n = 24) were videotaped in a 10-min interaction in the nicu. nine raters independently assessed dyadic interactions using the nichd mother-child interaction qualitative ratings in a fully crossed research design. rater reliability was strong for mother and infant ratings (. 76-.94). scores yielded normal distributions for maternal sensitivity, positive regard, and flatness of affect and skewed distributions for maternal intrusiveness, detachment, negative regard, and all child ratings. positive maternal behaviors correlated positively with one another and negatively with negative maternal behaviors. thus, preliminary analyses suggest that scores obtained using the nichd mother-child interaction qualitative ratings with premature babies and their mothers in the neonatal intensive care unit demonstrate adequate interrater reliability, and distributional properties provide preliminary evidence of face validity.
parenting	objective: this study examined the prospective association of parental reports of intimate partner violence (ipv) involvement (perpetration and/or victimization) with offspring trauma symptoms an average of 6 years later and the moderating influence of positive and negative parenting. method: the children in the community study followed a representative sample of youth (generation 2) and their parents (generation 1) over 25 years, including their own offspring (generation 3) in the final 2 of these 7 assessments. the sample includes male (n = 92) and female (n = 151) original generation 2 study members who completed measures of ipv and had children (generation 3) by wave 5 (1999). parents completed measures of parenting at wave 6 (2001-2004), and child 's trauma symptoms at wave 7 (2006-08). results: ipv predicted child trauma symptoms, controlling for demographic risks. for fathers, but not mothers, this association held when controlling for stressful life events and psychopathology. ipv predicted lower positive and higher negative parenting practices. positive parenting moderated the association of ipv with child trauma symptoms. conclusion: childhood exposure to ipv between parents may increase the distal risk for trauma symptoms. ipv predicts more negative and less supportive parenting practices. positive parenting may be protective, though perhaps not at extreme levels of ipv.
birth_control	endocrine-disrupting chemicals (edcs) in municipal effluents directly affect the sexual development and reproductive success of fishes, but indirect effects on invertebrate prey or fish predators through reduced predation or prey availability, respectively, are unknown. at the experimental lakes area in northwestern ontario, canada, a long-term, whole-lake experiment was conducted using a before-after-control-impact design to determine both direct and indirect effects of the synthetic oestrogen used in the birth control pill, 17 alpha-ethynyloestradiol (ee2). algal, microbial, zooplankton and benthic invertebrate communities showed no declines in abundance during three summers of ee2 additions (5-6 ng l(-1)), indicating no direct toxic effects. recruitment of fathead minnow (pimephales promelas) failed, leading to a near-extirpation of this species both 2 years during (young-of-year, yoy) and 2 years following (adults and yoy) ee2 additions. body condition of male lake trout (salvelinus namaycush) and male and female white sucker (catostomus commersonii) declined before changes in prey abundance, suggesting direct effects of ee2 on this endpoint. evidence of indirect effects of ee2 was also observed. increases in zooplankton, chaoborus, and emerging insects were observed after 2 or 3 years of ee2 additions, strongly suggesting indirect effects mediated through the reduced abundance of several small-bodied fishes. biomass of top predator lake trout declined by 23-42% during and after ee2 additions, most probably an indirect effect from the loss of its prey species, the fathead minnow and slimy sculpin (cottus cognatus). our results demonstrate that small-scale studies focusing solely on direct effects are likely to underestimate the true environmental impacts of oestrogens in municipal wastewaters and provide further evidence of the value of whole-ecosystem experiments for understanding indirect effects of edcs and other aquatic stressors.
birth_control	the role of secularization in the european fertility decline has been of interest to demographers, who often explore the relationship on a macro-level or by identifying religious affiliation by proxy. however, the relationship has not been thoroughly studied on an individual level utilizing indicators of personal religious conviction and affiliation. the aim of the present article is to examine reproductive practices by religious affiliation in order to understand the impact of secularization on fertility decline. this is accomplished using event history analysis of longitudinal parish register data from sundsvall (1860-1921) where religious affiliation is identified on a family level. reproductive practices are analysed using cohort tfr, descriptive statistics and cox proportional hazard regressions. free-church affiliates had, overall, a higher probability of having another child than did affiliates to the state church. however, these differences decreased over time, and as fertility dropped throughout society free-church affiliates showed the strongest significant reduction in probability of another birth. this indicates that over time, within the free churches, ideas about respectability and restraint came to mean that birth control, in the form of abstinence within marriage, became an important practice in the formation of gendered religious identities - leading to a relatively early decrease in fertility.
birth_control	using longitudinal data from jiangsu fertility intention and behaviour study (jfibs) from year 2007 and 2010, this study analyses the fertility intention and behaviour of women who are qualified to have two children from a psychosocial point of view. based on the theory of planned behaviour, the theoretical framework from fertility intention to fertility behaviour is reconstructed. by observing the phenomenon from the micro-level, the gap between female fertility intention and behaviour and its associated factors are studied. the result shows that, given the situation of being qualified to have two children according to the government 's birth control policy, when faced with the choice of whether to have a second child or not, people tend to make their decisions rationally. attitudes towards fertility, subjective norms, and perceived behaviour control all contribute significantly to the discrepancy between fertility intention and behaviour. in addition, the formation of a concrete birth plan is a major driving force for translating fertility intention into action.
birth_control	sexual risk behaviors are common among college students, but differences between 2- and 4-year students have not been explicitly tested. survey data from 9,748 unmarried sexually active minnesota college students (in 2010 or 2011) were used multilevel logistic regression models to test differences in eight high risk sexual health behaviors and outcomes between students attending 2- vs. 4-year colleges. odds of sex without a condom, sex without reliable birth control, unplanned pregnancy, and stis were significantly lower among 4-year students than 2-year students, after adjusting for demographic covariates. health promotion approaches targeted to the needs of 2- or 4-year students may be needed. for example, messaging and outreach efforts encouraging condom use may be especially beneficial for sexual health programs at 2-year colleges. (c) 2014 wiley periodicals, inc.
birth_control	exogenous cortisol administration has been used to test the influence of glucocorticoids on a variety of outcomes, including memory and affect. careful control of factors known to influence cortisol and other endogenous hormone levels is central to the success of this research. while the use of hormonal birth control (hbc) is known to exert many physiological effects, including decreasing the salivary cortisol response to stress, it is unknown how hbc influences circulating cortisol levels after exogenous cortisol administration. to determine those effects, we examined the role of hbc on participants' cortisol levels after receiving synthetic cortisol (hydrocortisone) in two separate studies. in study 1, 24 healthy women taking hbc and 26 healthy men were administered a 0.1 mg/kg body weight intravenous dose of hydrocortisone, and plasma cortisol levels were measured over 3 h. in study 2, 61 participants (34 women; 16 were on hbc) received a 15 mg hydrocortisone pill, and salivary cortisol levels were measured over 6 h. taken together, results from these studies suggest that hbc use is associated with a greater cortisol increase following cortisol administration. these data have important methodological implications: (1) when given a controlled dose of hydrocortisone, cortisol levels may increase more dramatically in women taking hbc versus women not on hbc or men; and (2) in studies manipulating cortisol levels, women on hormonal contraceptives should be investigated as a separate group.
birth_control	background: among adolescent pregnancies, 75% are unintended. greater use of highly-effective contraception can reduce unintended pregnancy. although multiple studies discuss adolescent contraceptive use, there is no consensus regarding the use of long-acting reversible contraception as a first-line contraception option. objective: we performed a systematic review of the medical literature to assess the continuation of long-acting reversible contraceptives among adolescents. study design: ovid-medline, cochrane databases, and embase databases were searched using key words relevant to the provision of long-acting contraception to adolescents. articles published from january 2002 through august 2016 were selected for inclusion based on specific key word searches and detailed review of bibliographies. for inclusion, articles must have provided data on method continuation, effectiveness, or satisfaction of at least 1 long-acting reversible contraceptive method in participants= 6 months. long-acting reversible contraceptive methods included intrauterine devices and the etonogestrel implant. only studies in the english language were included. guidelines, systematic reviews, and clinical reviews were examined for additional citations and relevant points for discussion. of 1677 articles initially identified, 90 were selected for full review. of these, 12 articles met criteria for inclusion. all studies selected for full review were extracted by multiple reviewers; inclusion was determined by consensus among authors. for studies with similar outcomes, forest plots of combined effect estimates were created using the random effects model. the meta-analysis of observational studies in epidemiology guidelines were followed. primary outcomes measured were continuation of method at 12 months, and expulsion rates for intrauterine devices. results: this review included 12 studies, including 6 retrospective cohort studies, 5 prospective observational studies, and 1 randomized controlled trial. the 12 studies included 4886 women age <25 years: 4131 intrauterine device users and 755 implant users. the 12-month continuation of any long-acting reversible contraceptive device was 84.0% (95% confidence interval, 79.0-89.0%). intrauterine device continuation was 74.0% (95% confidence interval, 61.0-87.0%) and implant continuation was 84% (95% confidence interval, 77.0e91.0%). among postpartum adolescents, the 12-month long-acting reversible contraceptive continuation rate was 84.0% (95% confidence interval, 71.0-97.0%). the pooled intrauterine device expulsion rate was 8.0% (95% confidence interval, 4.0-11.0%). conclusion: adolescents and young women have high 12-month continuation of long-acting reversible contraceptive methods. intrauterine devices and implants should be offered to all adolescents as first-line contraceptive options.
birth_control	a method of birth control often called 'revolutionary' was implemented in many western countries in the 1960s. the contraceptive pill allowed women to engage in sexual experiences without the permanent fear of pregnancy. this safe method was especially important for the group of unmarried or newlywed women who were in the middle of their academic or vocational education and wanted to combine career and family life. in the 1970s, however, and especially under the influence of the women 's liberation movement, attitudes towards the pill changed. it was no longer seen as an emancipation of female sexuality, but as an instrument of the on-going male domination of sexuality and society in general. according to this point of view, issues such as sexuality and contraception that had so far been regarded as 'private' became political. women now directly linked their very personal intimate experiences and questions of power and gender relations in society, and this often meant stopping taking the pill. this article examines the particular reasons for the shift in contraceptive behaviour in west germany and england. it analyses the changing attitudes of feminist activists toward the pill and their influence on women 's decisions about birth control.
birth_control	average happiness in big cities with more than 250,000 inhabitants is, in the usa, lower than average happiness in towns and in the country. adam kozaryn offers several explanations. one explanation is that core characteristics of cities, such as size, density and heterogeneity lead to a deterioration of social relations. this explanation is insufficient because average happiness in cities can also be relatively high, as is the case in poor nations, compared to happiness in towns and in the country. important factors like relative safety and the availability of services have to be considered additionally. a second explanation is that capitalism plays a more dominant role in cities, with similar negative effects. this explanation is also insufficient because the negative effects of capitalism are not limited to cities. a more plausible explanation is that average happiness in american cities is relatively low, because of the interaction of their core characteristics and capitalism. more people should live in smaller places, but this is impossible. there are too many people and big cities are needed to minimize their ecological footprint. overpopulation is the root of the problem. a discussion about the maximum size of the population is needed. there is no reason to fear for a negative impact on individual freedom, but people can pay attention to this discussion if they make up their mind about having children.
birth_control	an historical analysis of reproductive politics in the canadian north during the 1970s necessitates a careful reading of the local circumstances regarding feminism, sovereignty, language, colonialism, and access to health services, which differed regionally and culturally. these features were conditioned, however, by international discussions on family planning that fixated on the twinned concepts of unchecked population growth and poverty. language from these debates crept into discussions about reproduction and birth control in northern canada, producing the state 's logic that, despite low population density, the endemic poverty in the north necessitated aggressive family planning measures.
birth_control	objectives: as life expectancy for women with cystic fibrosis (cf) improves, reproductive decision-making is becoming increasingly relevant. we sought to characterize fertility intentions, contraceptive use, and preferences among adult females with cf. study design: we conducted a cross-sectional survey of contraceptive use and preferences in reproductive-aged women with cf. subjects were recruited via an electronic mailing list from the penn adult cystic fibrosis program. results: fifty-three women with cf responded and met eligibility criteria. most (83%) were sexually active, however only 49% used contraception. condoms and the oral contraceptive pill were the most commonly used methods. compared to the national contraceptive use among caucasian women (65%), use in our cohort was significantly lower (p = 0.01). participants prioritized effectiveness and ease of use in their contraceptive method; they wanted to avoid side effects and interference with sexual enjoyment. although these priorities are similar to caucasian women in the literature, additional contraceptive priorities differed significantly between the groups. conclusions: this cf cohort is sexually active but contraceptive utilization was low, and women with cf identify specific contraceptive preferences. there is a significant unmet need for contraception among women with cf. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
heart_disease	background and aims: patients with familial hypercholesterolemia (fh) are often characterized by premature coronary artery disease (cad) with heterogeneity at onset. the aim of the present study was to investigate the associations of lipoprotein (a) [lp(a)] with the fh phenotype, genotype and roles of lp(a) in determining cad risk among patients with and without fh. methods: we enrolled 8050 patients undergoing coronary angiography, from our lipid clinic. clinical fh was diagnosed using the dutch lipid clinic network criteria. mutational analysis (ldlr, apob, pcsk9) in definite/probable fh was performed by target exome sequencing. results: lp(a) levels were increased, with a clinical fh diagnosis (unlikely, possible, definite/probable fh) independent of the patients status, with lp(a)-hyperlipoproteinemia [lp(a)-hlp] (median 517.70 vs. 570.98 vs. 604.65 mg/l, p < 0.001) or without (median 89.20 vs. 99.20 vs. 133.67 mg/l, p < 0.001). patients with lp(a)-hlp had a higher prevalence of definite/probable fh than those without (6.1% vs. 2.4%, p0.05). multivariate analysis showed that lp(a) and fh phenotype were both significant determinants in predicting the early onset and severity of cad. subsequently, patients with lp(a)-hlp in definite/probable fh increased significantly the cad risk (all p < 0.05). conclusions: lp(a) levels were higher in patients with fh phenotype than in those without, but no difference were found in fh patients of different mutated backgrounds. moreover, lp(a) and fh played a synergistic role in predicting the early onset and severity of cad. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
heart_disease	an increasing evidence base suggests that low bone mineral density (bmd) and fractures are associated with cardiovascular disease (cvd). we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis summarizing the evidence of low bmd and fractures as risk factors for future cvd. two independent authors searched major databases from inception to august 1, 2016, for longitudinal studies reporting data on cvd incidence (overall and specific cvd) and bmd status and fractures. the association between low bmd, fractures, and cvd across longitudinal studies was explored by calculating pooled adjusted hazard ratios (hrs)+/- 95% confidence intervals (cis) with a random-effects meta-analysis. twenty-eight studies (18 regarding bmd and 10 fractures) followed a total of 1,107,885 participants for a median of 5 years. taking those with higher bmd as the reference, people with low bmd were at increased risk of developing cvd during follow-up (11 studies; hr=1.33; 95%ci, 1.27 to 1.38; i-2=53%), after adjusting for a median of eight confounders. this finding was confirmed using a decrease in one standard deviation of baseline bmd (9 studies; hr=1.16; 95% ci, 1.09 to 1.24; i-2=69%). the presence of fractures at baseline was associated with an increased risk of developing cvd (hr=1.20; 95% ci, 1.06 to 1.37; i-2=91%). regarding specific cvds, low bmd was associated with an increased risk of developing coronary artery disease, cerebrovascular conditions, and cvd-associated death. fractures at baseline was associated with an increased risk of cerebrovascular conditions and death due to cvd. in conclusion, low bmd and fractures are associated with a small, but significant increased risk of cvd risk and possibly death. (c) 2017 american society for bone and mineral research.
heart_disease	objectives: ambulatory systolic-diastolic pressure regression index (asdpri) as a composite marker of cardiovascular (cv) properties is related to cv complications. however, genetic determinants of asdpri are not known. the aim of this study is to report the relationship between certain single nucleotide polymorphisms (snp) and asdpri in hypertensive patients with cad confirmed by coronary angiography.methods: a total of 1345 hypertensive subjects with cad were included. snps were selected from genome-wide association studies. snps were reported to be associated with coronary artery disease risk. there were significant differences in 24h and daytime and nighttime asdpris for phctr1, lpa and adamts7 polymorphisms. genetic risk score (grs18) was constructed to evaluate additive effect of 18 snps for asdpri.results: analysis of covariance revealed a significant relationship between the ppab2b (-0.85; 95ci -1.85--0.16, p<0.02), wdr12 (-1.31; 95ci -2.19--0.43, p< 0.01) polymorphisms and nighttime asdpri dipping. analysis of covariance revealed a significant relationship between grs 18 and 24-h asdpri ( 0.34; 95ci 0.16-0.31, p<0.01).conclusions: in conclusion, adamts7 and lpa polymorphisms are related to 24-h asdpri but ppab2b and wdr12 gene polymorphisms are associated with nighttime asdpri dipping. a total of 24-h asdpri is determined by grs18.
heart_disease	background: omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (n-3 fas) have several beneficial effects on cardiovascular (cv) disease risk factors. these effects on cv risk profile may be mediated by several factors, including epigenetic modifications. our objective is to investigate, using genome-wide dna methylation analyses, methylation changes following an n-3 fa supplementation in overweight and obese subjects and to identify specific biological pathways potentially altered by the supplementation. results: blood leukocytes genome-wide dna methylation profiles of 36 overweight and obese subjects before and after a 6-week supplementation with 3 g of n-3 fas were compared using genomestudio software. after supplementation, 308 cpg sites, assigned to 231 genes, were differentially methylated (fdr-corrected diffscore >= vertical bar 13 vertical bar similar to p <= 0.05). using ingenuity pathway analysis system, a total of 55 pathways were significantly overrepresented following supplementation. among these pathways, 16 were related to inflammatory and immune response, lipid metabolism, type 2 diabetes, and cardiovascular signaling. changes in methylation levels of cpg sites within akt3, atf1, hdac4, and igfbp5 were correlated with changes in plasma triglyceride and glucose levels as well as with changes in the ratio of total cholesterol/hdl cholesterol following the supplementation. conclusions: these data provide key differences in blood leukocytes dna methylation profiles of subjects following an n-3 fa supplementation, which brings new, potential insights on metabolic pathways underlying the effects of n-3 fas on cv health.
heart_disease	background: as the approach to low-density lipoprotein cholesterol (ldl-c) lowering becomes increasingly intensive, accurate assessment of ldl-c at very low levels warrants closer attention in individualized clinical efficacy and safety evaluation. we aimed to assess the accuracy of ldl-c estimation at very low levels by the friedewald equation, the de facto clinical standard, and compare its accuracy with a novel, big data-derived ldl-c estimate. methods: in 191,333 individuals with friedewald ldl-c < 70 mg/dl, we compared the accuracy of friedewald and novel ldl-c values in relation to direct measurements by vertical auto profile ultracentrifugation. we examined differences (estimate minus ultracentrifugation) and classification according to levels initiating additional safety precautions per clinical practice guidelines. results: friedewald values were less than ultracentrifugation measurement, with a median difference (25th to 75th percentile) of -2.4 (-7.4 to 0.6) at 50-69 mg/dl, -7.0 (-16.2 to -1.2) at 25-39 mg/dl, and -29.0 (-37.4 to -19.6) at < 15 mg/dl. the respective values by novel estimation were -0.1 (-1.5 to 1.3), -1.1 (-2.5 to 0.3), and -2.7 (-4.9 to 0.0) mg/dl. among those with friedewald ldl-c < 15, 15 to < 25, and 25 to < 40 mg/dl, the classification was discordantly low in 94.9%, 82.6%, and 59.9% of individuals as compared with 48.3%, 42.4%, and 22.4% by novel estimation. conclusions: estimation of even lower ldl-c values (by friedewald and novel methods) is even more inaccurate. more often than not, a friedewald value < 40 mg/dl is underestimated, which translates into unnecessary safety alarms that could be reduced in half by estimation using our novel method.
heart_disease	background in the syntax (synergy between percutaneous coronary intervention with taxus and cardiac surgery) trial, patients with 3-vessel or left main coronary artery disease (cad) had improved long-term outcomes with coronary artery bypass graft (cabg) surgery compared with percutaneous coronary intervention (pci) with drug-eluting stents (des), improvements driven mainly by differences in myocardial infarction and repeat revascularization. objectives this study compared the long-term quality-of-life benefits of des-pci versus cabg for patients with 3-vessel or left main cad. methods between 2005 and 2007, the syntax trial randomized 1,800 patients with 3-vessel or left main cad to either cabg or des-pci. health status was assessed at baseline and at 1, 6, 12, 36, and 60 months by using the seattle angina questionnaire (saq) and the 36-item short form health survey. results at 5-year follow-up, cabg was superior to des-pci on several saq domains including angina frequency and physical function, as well as the role physical and role emotional scales of the 36-item short form health survey. subgroup analysis demonstrated a significant interaction between angiographic complexity (as assessed by the syntax score) and angina relief (mean difference in the saq angina frequency score for cabg vs. pci of -0.9, 3.3, and 3.9 points for low, intermediate, and high syntax score patients, respectively; p = 0.048 for interaction). conclusions among patients with 3-vessel or left main cad, both cabg and des-pci were associated with substantial and sustained quality-of-life benefits over 5 years of follow-up. in general, cabg resulted in greater angina relief, although the absolute treatment benefit was small. angina relief at 5 years was enhanced with cabg among patients with high syntax scores, a finding reinforcing the recommendation that cabg should be strongly preferred for such patients. (synergy between percutaneous coronary intervention with taxus and cardiac surgery [syntax]; nct00114972) (c) 2017 by the american college of cardiology foundation.
heart_disease	physiologic adaptations during pregnancy unmask a woman 's predisposition to diseases. complications are increasingly predicted by first-trimester algorithms, amplify a pre-existing maternal phenotype and accelerate risks for chronic diseases in the offspring up to adulthood (barker hypothesis). recent evidence suggests that vice versa, pregnancy diseases also indicate maternal and even grandparent 's risks for chronic diseases (reverse barker hypothesis). pub-med and embase were reviewed for mesh terms ""fetal programming"" and ""pregnancy complications combined with maternal disease"" until january 2017. studies linking pregnancy complications to future cardiovascular, metabolic, and thrombotic risks for mother and offspring were reviewed. women with a history of miscarriage, fetal growth restriction, preeclampsia, preterm delivery, obesity, excessive gestational weight gain, gestational diabetes, subfertility, and thrombophilia more frequently demonstrate with echocardiographic abnormalities, higher fasting insulin, deviating lipids or clotting factors and show defective endothelial function. thrombophilia hints to thrombotic risks in later life. pregnancy abnormalities correlate with future cardiovascular and metabolic complications and earlier mortality. conversely, women with a normal pregnancy have lower rates of subsequent diseases than the general female population creating the term: ""pregnancy as a window for future health."" although the placenta works as a gatekeeper, many pregnancy complications may lead to sickness and earlier death in later life when the child becomes an adult. the epigenetic mechanisms and the mismatch between pre-and postnatal life have created the term ""fetal origin of adult disease."" up to now, the impact of cardiovascular, metabolic, or thrombotic risk profiles has been investigated separately for mother and child. in this manuscript, we strive to illustrate the consequences for both, fetus and mother within a cohesive perspective and thus try to demonstrate the complex interrelationship of genetics and epigenetics for long-term health of societies and future generations. maternal-fetal medicine specialists should have a key role in the prevention of non-communicable diseases by implementing a framework for patient consultation and interdisciplinary networks. health-care providers and policy makers should increasingly invest in a stratified primary prevention and follow-up to reduce the increasing number of manifest cardiovascular and metabolic diseases and to prevent waste of health-care resources.
heart_disease	the psychosocial environment and especially various psychosocial risks in childhood have been shown to predict later negative health behavior and health problems. in this study, we examined whether various psychosocial factor domains in childhood and adolescence: socioeconomic status, theemotional family environment (parental nurturance, life-satisfaction), parental lifestyle, life-events, the child 's self-regulatory behavior and the child 's social adaptation were associated with body mass index (bmi) trajectories individually by domain and as a cumulative score across domains. the participants were a nationally representative sample of 2016 men and women fromthe young finns study aged 3-18 years at study entry in 1980. their bmi wasmeasured at six study phases from 1980 to 2012. their parents reported all the factors related to their psychosocial environment in 1980. the participants responded to questions on adulthood socioeconomic status in 2007. the accumulation of psychosocial factors in childhood was the main exposure variable. the findings fromrepeated measuresmultilevelmodeling showed that parental lifestyle and life-events and the more positive cumulative psychosocial factors score were associated with a slower increase in bmi during follow-up (regression coefficient range from - 0.06 to -0.50). in conclusion, the psychosocial environment in childhood and adolescence, particularly parental lifestyle and lack of stressful life-events, are associated with a lower increase of bmi. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
heart_disease	recent insights into the bioactivation and signaling actions of inorganic, dietary nitrate and nitrite now suggest a critical role for the microbiome in the development of cardiac and pulmonary vascular diseases. once thought to be the inert, end-products of endothelial-derived nitric oxide (no) heme-oxidation, nitrate and nitrite are now considered major sources of exogenous no that exhibit enhanced vasoactive signaling activity under conditions of hypoxia and stress. the bioavailability of nitrate and nitrite depend on the enzymatic reduction of nitrate to nitrite by a unique set of bacterial nitrate reductase enzymes possessed by specific bacterial populations in the mammalian mouth and gut. the pathogenesis of pulmonary hypertension (ph), obesity, hypertension and cvd are linked to defects in no signaling, suggesting a role for commensal oral bacteria to shape the development of ph through the formation of nitrite, no and other bioactive nitrogen oxides. oral supplementation with inorganic nitrate or nitrate-containing foods exert pleiotropic, beneficial vascular effects in the setting of inflammation, endothelial dysfunction, ischemia-reperfusion injury and in pre-clinical models of ph, while traditional high-nitrate dietary patterns are associated with beneficial outcomes in hypertension, obesity and cvd. these observations highlight the potential of the microbiome in the development of novel nitrate-and nitrite-based therapeutics for ph, cvd and their risk factors.
heart_disease	objective: unusual clinical course background: acute coronary syndrome (acs) can present with atypical chest pain or symptoms not attributed to heart disease, such as indigestion. hiccups, a benign and self-limited condition, can become persistent or intractable with overlooked underlying etiology. there are various causes of protracted hiccups, including metabolic abnormalities, psychogenic disorders, malignancy, central nervous system pathology, medications, pulmonary disorders, or gastrointestinal etiologies. it is rarely attributed to cardiac disease. case report: we report a case of intractable hiccups in a 51-year-old male with cocaine related myocardial infarction (mi) before and after stent placement. coronary angiogram showed in-stent thrombosis of the initial intervention. following thrombectomy, balloon angioplasty, and stent, the patient recovered well without additional episodes of hiccups. although hiccups are not known to present with a predilection for a particular cause of myocardial ischemia, this case may additionally be explained by the sympathomimetic effects of cocaine, which lead to vasoconstriction of coronary arteries. conclusions: hiccups associated with cardiac enzyme elevation and ekg st-segment elevation before and after percutaneous coronary intervention (pci) maybe a manifestation of acute mi with or without stent. the fact that this patient was a cocaine user may have contributed to the unique presentation.
allergies	cannabis sativa (c.sativa) is well-known for its medicinal, industrial and recreational use. however, allergies in relation to cannabis sativa (c.sativa) are rarely reported. c. sativa is one of the common weeds found in pakistan and its pollen grains are common in spring and fall season. although categorized as an aeroallergen, there are limited number of reports regarding allergenic potential in c. sativa. therefore, the current study is aimed at exploring the ige-binding potential among the c.sativa pollen in local pollen allergic patients. initial screening of c. sativa sensitized individuals was carried out by dot blot from the sera of pollen allergic patients. proteins from the pollen grains were extracted and resolved on 10% gel. eight bands were visible on gel however only one protein fragment i.e. of 14kda size was found to bind to ige as analyzed through protein gel blot analysis. strong ige affinity of a 14 kda protein fragment from c. sativa pollen extract suggests its allergenic potential. further study is required to find the exact nature of this protein fragment.
allergies	introduction: the therapeutic use of animals has been debated for decades, and its use explored in a variety of settings and populations. however, there is no uniformity on naming these interventions. evidence based knowledge is essential to implement effective strategies in hospital. this review focused on the use of animal programs for hospitalized patients, and considered the potential risks. methods: the following databases were searched: pubmed, scopus, psychinfo, ebsco animals, proquest, web of science, cinahl, and medline, and prisma guidelines were adhered to. results: out of 432 articles were identified 36 articles suitable for inclusion into the review. data was heterogeneous in terms of age of patient, health issue, animals used and the length of interactions, which made comparison problematic. studies on children, psychiatric and elderly patients were the most common. the animal-intervention programs suggested various benefits such as reducing stress, pain and anxiety. other outcomes considered were changes in vital signs, and nutritional intake. most studies used dogs, but other animals were effectively employed. the major risks outlined were allergies, infections and animal-related accidents. zoonosis was a possible risk, as well as common infections as methicillinresistant staphylococcus aureus. the implementation of simple hygiene protocols was effective at minimizing risk. the literature suggested that the benefits outweighed by far the risks. conclusion: the human relationship with animals can be useful and relatively safe for inpatients with various problems. moreover, the implementation of security precautions and the careful selection of patients should minimize the risks, particularly those infection-related. many aspects remain unclear, further studies are required. (c) 2016 elsevier gmbh. all rights reserved.
allergies	with the turn of this century, novel food processing techniques have become commercially very important because of their profound advantages over the traditional methods. these novel processing methods tend to preserve the characteristic properties of food including their organoleptic and nutritional qualities better when compared with the conventional food processing methods. during the same period of time, there is a clear rise in the populations suffering from food allergies, especially infants and children. though, this fact is widely attributed to the changing livelihood of population in both developed and developing nations and to the introduction of new food habits with advent of novel foods and new processing techniques, their complete role is still uncertain. under the circumstance, it is very important to understand the structural changes in the protein as food is processed to comprehend whether the specific processing technique (conventional and novel) is increasing or mitigating the allergenicity. various modern means are now being employed to understand the conformational changes in the protein which can affect the allergenicity. in this review, the processing effects on protein structure and allergenicity are discussed along with the insinuations of recent studies and techniques for establishing a platform to investigate future pathway to reduce or eliminate allergenicity in the population.
allergies	aim: this study investigated whether allergies among schoolchildren increased in sweden between 1979 and 2007 and whether the geographical differences observed in previous studies remained. methods: we collected questionnaire data on asthma, allergic rhinoconjunctivitis (arc) and eczema in children aged seven to eight years from molndal, gothenburg, in south-western sweden and kiruna in northern sweden in 1979 (n = 4682), 1991 (n = 2481) and 2007 (n = 1029). the same regions and questions were used in all three studies, and extra questions on food allergy or intolerance were added in 2007. results: in 1979, 1991 and 2007, the total prevalence of asthma was 2.5%, 5.7% and 7.1%, arc was 5.5%, 8.1% and 11.1% and eczema was 7.1%, 18.3% and 19.7%, respectively. asthma prevalence remained higher in kiruna, but no significant regional differences were seen for arc and eczema. almost 20% reported a history of food allergy or intolerance, with a higher prevalence in kiruna. the allergy risk was reduced if both parents were born outside sweden. conclusion: the prevalence of arc continued to increase between 1991 and 2007, but increases in asthma and eczema started to level off in 1991. some geographical differences remained, but total allergy rates were similar in kiruna and molndal in 2007.
allergies	background: th9 cells are a newly discovered cd4(+) t helper cell subtype, characterized by high interleukin (il)-9 secretion. growing evidences suggest that th9 cells are involved in the pathogenic mechanism of multiple sclerosis (ms). mast cells are multifunctional innate immune cells, which are perhaps best known for their role as dominant effector cells in allergies and asthma. several lines of evidence point to an important role for mast cells in ms and its animal models. simultaneously, there is dynamic ""cross-talk"" between th9 and mast cells. the aim of the present study was to examine the il-9-mast cell axis in experimental autoimmune encephalomyelitis (eae) and determine its interaction after neutralizing anti-il-9 antibody treatment. methods: female c57bl/6 mice were randomly divided into three groups (n = 5 in each group): mice with myelin oligodendrocyte glycoprotein (mog)-induced eae (eae group), eae mice treated with anti-il-9 antibody (anti-il-9 abs group), and eae mice treated with igg isotype control (igg group). eae clinical score was evaluated. mast cells from central nervous system (cns) were detected by flow cytometry. the production of chemokine recruiting mast cells in the cns was explored by reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (rt-pcr). in mice with mog-induced eae, the expression of il-9 receptor (il-9r) complexes in cns and spleen mast cells was also explored by rt-pcr, and then was repeating validated by immunocytochemistry. in vitro, spleen cells from eae mice were cultured with anti-il-9 antibody, and quantity of mast cells was counted by flow cytometry after co-culture. results: compared with igg group, il-9 blockade delayed clinical disease onset and ameliorated eae severity (t = -2.217, p = 0.031), accompany with mast cells infiltration decreases (day 5: t = -8.005, p < 0.001; day 15: t = -11.857, p < 0.001; day 20: t = -5.243, p = 0.001) in anti-il-9 abs group. the messenger rna expressions of c-c motif chemokine ligand 5 (t = -5.932, p = 0.003) and vascular cell adhesion molecule-1 (t = -4.029, p = 0.004) were significantly decreased after il-9 neutralization in anti-il-9 abs group, compared with igg group. in mog-induced eae, the il-9r complexes were expressed in cns and spleen mast cells. in vitro, splenocytes cultured with anti-il-9 antibody showed significantly lower levels of mast cells in a dose-dependent manner, compared with splenocytes cultured with anti-mouse igg (5 mu g/ml: t = -0.894, p = 0.397; 10 mu g/ml: t = -3.348, p = 0.019; 20 mu g/ml: t = -7.639, p < 0.001). conclusions: this study revealed that il-9 neutralization reduced mast cell infiltration in cns and ameliorated eae, which might be relate to the interaction between il-9 and mast cells.
allergies	aim: we previously reported a protective effect of maternal omega-3 fatty acid supplements on the development of immunoglobulin e (ige)-associated disease in infancy. this study assessed omega-3 long-chain polyunsaturated fatty acids (lcpufa) in maternal milk in relation to omega-3 lcpufa supplementation and the development of allergic disease in their infants. methods: this study randomised 95 pregnant women at risk of having an allergic infant, to daily supplements of 2.6 g omega-3 lcpufa or a placebo of 2.7 g soya bean oil from gestational week 25 until 3 months of lactation. breast milk samples were collected as colostrum, at one and 3 months. milk fatty acids were related to allergic outcome in the infants at 24 months. results: omega-3 milk fatty acids were higher in women who received omega-3 supplements than the placebo group (p < 0.01). higher proportions of milk eicosapentaenoic acid and docosahexaenoic acid and a lower arachidonic/ eicosapentaenoic acid ratio were associated with an absence of ige-associated disease in the infants. none of the children developed ige-associated atopic eczema above a level of 0.83 mol% eicosapentaenoic acid in colostrum. [correction added on 7 july 2016, after online publication: in the preceding sentence, the correct word should be "" above"" instead of "" below"" and this has been amended in this current version.] conclusion: high omega-3 lcpufa milk levels in mothers who received omega-3 lcpufa supplements were related to fewer allergies in their children.
allergies	the aim of this study was to determine if extracts from selected spices (caraway, ginger, chili, sweet peppers, anise, sesame, nutmeg and black pepper) might be harmful to people suffering from celiac disease, wheat allergy or non-celiac gluten sensitivity. all of these spice extracts exhibited some reaction to antibodies found in sera from two celiac patients and to sera from rabbits that had been sensitized with the specific peptides, qqqpp, pqqq and qqqp. these peptides had sequences that might be included in active epitopes for celiac disease and wheat allergy. methodology followed in this study included elisa, sds-page and immunoblotting. the observed reactivities suggest that spice proteins might produce adverse reactions in celiac patients, patients with various wheat allergies or with non-celiac gluten sensitivity. however, further work would be needed to elucidate this possibility.
allergies	the effects of tissue type, harvest maturity, and genetic factors on the expression of genes that related to citrus fruit allergies remain poorly understood. in the present study, a multiplex real-time pcr assay was developed to monitor the expression of citrus allergen genes individually with the advantages of much fewer sample requirements and simultaneously multiple target genes detection. gene specific primer pairs and taqman probes of three citrus allergen genes cit s 1.01, cit s 2.01, and cit s 3.01 and the house-keeping gene beta-actin were designed based on gene sequence differences. the pcr results showed that differential expression patterns were found during the ripening process. the expression levels of cit s 3.01 were much higher than those of cit s 1.01 and cit s 2.01 in both peel and pulp tissues among 10 citrus cultivars. data suggested that kao phuang pummelo could be safely consumed with a potential low risk in allergenicity. considering that assessing allergenicity is one of the tests in food safety, this assay might also facilitate the breeding and production of ""allergy-friendly"" citrus fruits.
allergies	herein we present a retrospective study concerning the provision of school meals for children with food allergies to avoid specially selected menus where these did not seem essential and to improve the day-to-day quality of life of these children and their families. eighty-two children aged between 3 and 15 years presenting food allergies, primarily to peanuts and/or cashew nuts, partook of school meals without any specially prepared menus as part of the individualised meal project (projet d'accueil individualise [paid following a study concerning the reading of menus, conducted with the help of school doctors within the region as well as the various bodies responsible for school meals. based on advances in knowledge about and treatment of food allergies (fa) in recent years, we felt it was essential to be able to provide a personalised school meal service taking into account the serious nature of fa, french dietary habits and available data concerning allergic accidents associated with school meals. (c) 2016 elsevier masson sas. all rights reserved.
allergies	at birth the piglet 's immune system is immature and it is dependent upon passive maternal protection until weaning. the piglet 's mucosal immune system develops over the first few weeks but has not reached maturity at weaning ages which are common on commercial farms. at weaning piglets are presented with a vast and diverse range of microbial and dietary/environmental antigens. their ability to distinguish between antigens and mount a protective response to potential pathogens and to develop tolerance to dietary antigens is critical to their survival and failure to do so is reflected in the high incidence of morbidity and mortality in the post-weaning period. a growing recognition that the widespread use of antibiotics to control infection during this critical period should be controlled has led to detailed studies of those factors which drive the development of the mucosal immune system, the role of gut microbiota in driving this process, the origin of the bacteria that colonise the young piglet 's intestine and the impact of rearing environment. this review briefly describes how the mucosal immune system is equipped to respond ""appropriately"" to antigenic challenge and the programmed sequence by which it develops. the results of studies on the critical interplay between the host immune system and gut microbiota are discussed along with the effects of rearing environment. by comparing these with results from human studies on the development of allergies in children, an approach to promote an earlier maturation of the piglet immune system to resist the challenges of weaning are outlined.
menopause	objective: equol, an active metabolite possessing estrogen-like activity, is produced by the action of intestinal flora on soy isoflavones. there is an increasing evidence regarding its efficacy in the relief of menopausal symptoms, suppression of decreased bone mineral density, and lipid profile improvement. only those with equol-producing capacity, however, seem to benefit. thus, we examined the relationship between equol producer status and parameters associated with lifestyle-related diseases in women from their 20s to 80s. methods: this cross-sectional study was conducted among 743 women (21-89 y; average age: 52.5 +/- 11.8 y) who have undergone health screening at tokyo midtown medical center and given consent to participate in the study. the relationship between equol producer status and metabolic parameters was assessed. results: in our study, 236 women (32%) were equol producers. equol producers had significantly lower triglycerides and higher high-density lipoprotein cholesterol levels compared with nonproducers. equol-producing women in their 50s showed significantly lower body fat level, visceral fat area, triglyceride levels, pulse wave velocity, uric acid levels, and high sensitivity c-reactive protein levels. in addition, women in their 60s showed significantly higher levels of high-density lipoprotein cholesterol. in multivariate logistic regression, for women in their 50s, equol production was significantly associated with lower arterial stiffness and uric acid levels, and a high ratio of eicosapentaenoic acid to arachidonic acid, whereas it was significantly associated with lower urinary n-telopeptides in their 60s. conclusions: equol producer status was associated with favorable metabolic parameters, in women in the early phase postmenopause, with the transitional periods noted with declining intrinsic estrogen levels.
menopause	objective: the hypothalamic gonadotropin-releasing hormone pulse generator, the pituitary gonadotropes, the ovaries, and the uterus play a crucial role in female fertility. a decline in reproductive performance represents a complex interplay of actions at all levels of the hypothalamic-pituitary-ovarian axis. recently, in the field of female reproductive aging attention is drawn to the carbonyl stress theory. advanced glycation end products (ages) contribute directly to protein damage, induce a chain of oxidative stress (os) reactions, and increase inflammatory reactions. here, we highlight some of the mechanisms underlying glycation damage in the ovary. methods: searches of electronic databases were performed. articles relevant to possible role of os, ages, and receptor for age (rage) in aging ovary were summarized in this interpretive literature review. results: follicular microenvironment undergoes an increase in os with aging. data support the role of os in ovulatory dysfunction because ages are well-recognized mediators of increased os. rage and age-modified proteins with activated nuclear factor-kappa b are expressed in human ovarian tissue. it was suggested that accumulation of ages products at the level of the ovarian follicle might trigger early ovarian aging or could be responsible for reduced glucose uptake by granulosa cells, potentially altering follicular growth. moreover, impaired methylglyoxal detoxification causing relevant damage to the ovarian proteome might be one of the mechanisms underlying reproductive aging. conclusions: further investigation of the role for the age-rage axis in the ovarian follicular environment is needed, and results could relate to assisted reproduction technology outcomes and new measures of ovarian reserve.
menopause	the widespread availability of effective antiretroviral therapy (art) has transformed hiv from a life limiting condition to one with near-normal life expectancy. hiv is associated with an increased risk of osteopenia and osteoporosis, with people living with hiv (plhiv) potentially experiencing these conditions at a younger age than their hiv-negative counterparts. the mechanisms driving bone disease in hiv are complex and include: an increased prevalence of traditional risk factors; other comorbid conditions; and hiv-associated factors such as viral effects, systemic inflammation, and art-related factors. one-third of plhiv in the united kingdom are female, and increasing numbers of women living with hiv (wlhiv) are reaching menopausal age. oestrogen decline in the context of an elevated background risk of poor bone health results in wlhiv being at greater risk of osteoporosis than women without hiv. european hiv guidelines therefore recommend routine screening of postmenopausal wlhiv using frax (c) for clinical risk factors, with or without bone mineral density scanning. data support the use of calcium and vitamin d supplementation, and bisphosphonates in the treatment of osteoporosis in plhiv. additionally, some patients with confirmed osteoporosis may benefit from a switch to an art agent with a better bone safety profile. however, there remains a notable paucity of data on hiv and menopause, including the impact of hormone replacement therapy on the bone health of wlhiv. in conclusion, it is important that clinicians are aware that postmenopausal wlhiv are a group at particular risk of bone disease, who require proactive screening and advice about preventative measures. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
menopause	background although aromatase inhibitors have proven to be an effective treatment of hormone receptor-positive breast cancer in postmenopausal women, aromatase inhibitorinduced arthralgia (aia) is an adverse event associated with low compliance with treatment. the aim of this literature study is to assess the prevalence of aia and to provide an overview of significant predictors for the development of aia. methods a systematic review was conducted using pubmed, cochrane library and web of science. a meta-analysis was performed and heterogeneity has been investigated by moderator analyses. the meta-analysis was repeated with studies that were considered as best evidence, i. e. studies with an above-average score on the strobe checklist. results twenty-one studies (13,177 participants) were included. prevalence rates ranged from 0.200 to 0.737. meta-analysis resulted in a pooled estimate of 0.459 (95% ci = [0.397-0.520) with a high heterogeneity (i-2 = 98%). moderator analysis showed no differences regarding heterogeneity. predictors for the development of aia included a body mass index of 25-30 kg/m(2) (or = 0.33), taxane-based chemotherapy (or = 4.08), stage iii cancer (or = 0.32) and a duration of menopause of 5-10 years (or = 1.10) or>10 years (or = 0.44-3.29) (an or < 1 indicates a predictor of lower risk of aia). discussion despite the established benefits of ai, an important portion of the patients experiences aia. more research is needed to investigate the efficacy of treatments such as exercise therapy for aia.
menopause	lamotrigine (ltg) is an antiepileptic drug that is metabolized via glucuronidation. since the glucuronidizing enzyme is inducible by estrogens, ltg serum concentrations may fall by 50-60% when combined with hormonal contraceptives that contain ethinyl estradiol (ee). little is known about a possible interaction between estrogens used for hormone replacement therapy (hrt) and ltg, and the few available data are conflicting. data from serum samples analyzed for ltg were therefore retrieved from a routine therapeutic drug monitoring database. users of hrt and ee were identified and matched with controls for age and dose. no enzyme-inducing or enzyme-inhibiting comedication was allowed. ltg serum concentration-to-dose ratios (cdrs) were calculated. case groups and their respective control groups were compared by the mann-whitney u test. seventy-nine hrt users (dose range 1-4 mg/day) and 200 ee users (dose range 20-40 g/day), as well as 158 and 400 matching controls, respectively, could be included. both ee users and hrt users had significantly lower mean ltg cdrs than their respective matched controls. these results suggest that hrt with estrogens may reduce serum ltg concentrations.
menopause	luteinizing hormone (lh) rises dramatically during and after menopause, and has been correlated with an increased incidence of alzheimer 's disease and decreased memory performance in humans and animal models. to test whether lh acts directly on the dorsal hippocampus to affect memory, ovariectomized female rats were infused with either the lh-homologue human chorionic gonadotropin (hcg) or the lh receptor antagonist deglycosylated-hcg (dg-hcg). infusion of hcg into either the lateral ventricle or the dorsal hippocampus caused significant memory impairments in ovariectomized estradiol-treated females. consistent with this, infusion of the lh antagonist dg-hcg into the dorsal hippocampus caused an amelioration of memory deficits in ovariectomized females. furthermore, the gonadotropin-releasing hormone antagonist antide, failed to act in the hippo campus to affect memory. these findings demonstrate a significant role for lh action in the dorsal hippocampus in spatial memory dysfunction. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
menopause	endometriosis is an uncommon disease in postmenopausal women (pmw), ranging from 2% to 5% of cases, and it is very important to exclude neoplastic transformation of the endometrium. the authors would like to introduce the case of a 63-year-old overweight patient with abdominal pain associated to pain and swelling of the left inferior limb occurring for approximately six weeks. the ct x-ray of the abdomen revealed the presence of a retroperitoneal mass causing deep vein thrombosis because of extrinsic compression of the left iliac vein. following removal of the pelvic masses with laparotomy, the histological exam revealed an endometriosis. the ct x-ray carried out after a month postoperatively revealed the root canal treatment of the left femoral vein with a considerable decrease of the thrombosis of homolateral external iliac veins. despite the endometriosis, it is uncommon in women who have reached menopause and must be considered in the differential diagnosis of pelvic masses.
menopause	objectives: to examine relationships between location, demographics, lifestyle, beliefs, and experience of hot flushes and night sweats (hfns) amongst women living in two cities in thailand. methods: cross-sectional study of peri- and postmenopausal women, aged 45-55 years, from bangkok and chiang mai. participants completed questionnaires (demographics, health, hfns (prevalence, frequency and problem-rating) and beliefs about menopause). a sub-sample of women from each location was interviewed. results: a total of 632 women (320 bangkok and 312 chiang mai) aged 50.88 (standard deviation 3.06) years, took part. the prevalence of hfns was 65%, average hfns frequency 8.7 (10.8) per week and problem rating 4.3/10. women from chiang mai had significantly more problematic hfns, but prevalence and frequency were similar in both sites. poor general health predicted hfns prevalence and frequency, while chiang mai location, hfns frequency, age, diet and beliefs about menopause were associated with problematic hfns. location remained significant after controlling for education, occupation and age; location was partially explained by beliefs. qualitative interview responses illustrated the differences in beliefs about menopause between locations. conclusion: hfns reports are prevalent with moderate frequency and problem-ratings in these urban centers in thailand. the results will be included in the broader international menopause society study of climate, altitude and temperature (ims-cat) of the impact of climate on hfns.
menopause	background some studies have already proposed an inverse association between vitamin d levels and breast density. as breast density is already considered an established risk factor for breast cancer, such a connection could offer a new starting point for the prevention of breast cancer. material and methods to investigate this suggested connection, a total of 412 pre- and 572 post-menopausal women for whom mammography was indicated were recruited into this cross-sectional study. in addition to a questionnaire-based interview on the patient 's general and gynecological medical history, her eating habits and lifestyle, serum levels of 25-hydroxyvitamin d [25(oh)d], calcium, phosphate and creatinine were determined. breast density was determined by mammography and categorized as 1 to 4 according to the acr classification. in addition to performing descriptive analysis to get a better overview of the data, a number of multivariate regression models were developed to determine the impact of confounders and the connection between vitamin d and mammographic density. results more than half of all participants had low levels of 25(oh)d (< 20 ng/ml) and only a small minority of women (5.7%) had what are currently considered to be optimal serum levels of 25(oh)d of at least 30 ng/ml. the significant majority of the cohort had a medium mammographic density (n = 463 had acr 2; n = 343 had acr 3). logistic regression analysis showed that lower 25(oh)d serum levels were associated significantly more often with high rather than medium breast density. this association remained, even after adjusting for other factors which influence breast density such as age, bmi and menopausal status (p = 0.032 for acr 4 vs. acr 2; p = 0.028 for acr 4 vs. acr 3). when the same analysis was done separately for pre-menopausal and post-menopausal women, bmi in both groups was found to be inversely correlated with breast density and this inverse correlation was highly significant. in post-menopausal women, age was found to be similarly correlated while 25(oh)d did not appear to be associated with acr. in pre-menopausal women the opposite was the case: although there was no correlation between age and breast density, higher vitamin d levels tended to be associated with lower breast density (p = 0.06 for acr 2 vs. acr 4) in this smaller sample (n = 412). when vitamin d-rich food and food supplements were also taken into account, regular intake of vitamin d preparations was associated with lower breast density; this association achieved borderline statistical significance (p = 0.05 for acr 3 vs. acr 4). when the analysis also took menopausal status into account, the breast density of pre-menopausal women was lower following regular vitamin d intake and this lower breast density of pre-menopausal women was statistically highly significant (p < 0.001 for acr 1 and acr 2 vs. acr 4, respectively). this effect was not found in post-menopausal women. frequent intake of vitamin d-containing nutrition had no significant impact on acr in either of the groups. conclusion these results reinforce the assumption previously proposed by several authors that higher levels of 25(oh)d pre-menopause and vitamin d substitution are associated with lower breast density and could reduce the risk of breast cancer. the findings did not confirm any post-menopausal association between vitamin d and mammographic breast density.
menopause	objectives: to examine trends in the relationship between smoking history and both general and central fatness in adults from a mediterranean setting. materials and methods: the encat 1992-1993 and 2002-2003 surveys were used; samples consisted of 482 men, 589 women from 1992-1993, and 515 men, 613 women from 2002-2003, aged 25-60 years. measured anthropometry and self-reported data on smoking habits, diet, lifestyle and ses were collected. general fatness was defined as who 's bmi overweight and obesity, and central fatness was defined as who 's increased-risk-for-metabolic-complications waist circumference (ir wc) and substantially-increased-risk wc (sir wc). simple logistic regression was used to estimate multivariate-adjusted associations between general/central fatness and smoking history. results: by 2002-2003, most associations observed in 1992-1993 had been strongly attenuated: only male current-heavy-smoking remained associated with ir/sir wc (three-fold) and female current-moderate-smokers were 0.57 times less likely to have an ir/sir wc (p <0.10). conclusions: although causality cannot be established, results suggest a positive association between heavy smoking and central fatness among men, but no association between former smoking and general/central fatness; findings strengthen arguments for promoting smoking cessation to reduce smoking and obesity associated morbidity and mortality
emergency_contraception	since the development of combined oral contraceptives over 50 years ago, significant innovations have occurred in the domain of the progestin. evolving knowledge of progestin mechanism of action and physiology has allowed for development of novel progestins with limited steroid receptor cross-reactivity, decreased side effect profiles, and pharmacokinetics optimized for modern delivery systems. this review summarizes current knowledge of progestin physiology, modern delivery systems, and developments of progestin agonists and antagonists for contraception.
emergency_contraception	in argentina, campaigns for the recognition of sexual and reproductive rights have sparked opposition through litigation in which the dynamics of legal action have come from self-proclaimed ""pro-life"" ngo5, particularly since 1998, when the conservative ngo portal de belen successfully achieved the banning of emergency contraception through the courts. the activities of these groups, acting as a ""civil arm"" of religion, are focused primarily on obstructing access to legally permissible abortions and bringing about the withdrawal of a number of recognized public policies on sexual and reproductive health, particularly the 2002 national programme for sexual health and responsible procreation. this paper analyzes the litigation strategies of these conservative ngos and how their use of the courts in argentina has changed over the years. it gives examples of efforts in local courts to block individual young women from accessing legal abortion following rape, despite a ruling by the national supreme court of justice in 2012 that no judicial permission is required. in spite of major advances, the renewed influence of the catholic hierarchy in the argentine political scene with the accession of the new pope poses challenges to the work by feminists and women 's movements to extend and consolidate sexual and reproductive rights. (c) 2014 reproductive health matters
emergency_contraception	purpose: there is a growing movement for an over-the-counter (otc) oral contraceptive (oc) in the united states. this study aimed to explore women 's views regarding an age restriction for an otc oc. methods: from november to december 2011, we administered a nationally representative survey of u.s. women aged 18-44 years who were at risk of unintended pregnancy to explore their opinions of an age restriction for an otc oc. a total of 2,046 women completed the survey. weighted proportions were calculated, and logistic regression was used to identify covariates associated with supporting an age restriction. chi-square tests of potential advantages and disadvantages of otc access to ocs by support for an age restriction were also performed. results: overall, 26% of respondents supported an age restriction for an otc oc; 28% were against an age restriction, and 46% were unsure. in multivariable analysis controlling for overall support for otc access to ocs and for other covariates, women were more likely to support an age restriction for an otc oc if they had less than a high school degree (odds ratio [or], 2.5), a high school degree (or, 1.6), or some college (or, 1.6) compared with a college degree; if they were married compared with never married (or, 2.1); and if they lived in the midwest (or, 2.1) or south (or, 2.1) compared with the west. conclusions: a minority of women support an age restriction. women 's concerns about a potential otc oc should be addressed through education and ongoing research. (c) 2015 society for adolescent health and medicine. all rights reserved.
emergency_contraception	the human progesterone receptor (pr) plays a key role in reproductive function in women. pr antagonists have numerous applications in female health care including regular and emergency contraception, and treatment of hormone-related pathological conditions such as breast cancer, endometriosis, and leiomyoma. the main factor limiting their long-term administration is the fact that they cross-bind to other oxo-steroid receptors. ulipristal acetate (upa), a highly potent pr antagonist, has recently come onto the market and is much more selective for pr than the other oxo-steroid receptors (androgen, ar, glucocorticoid, gr, and mineralocorticoid, mr receptors) and, remarkably, it displays lower gr-inactivating potency than ru486. we adopted a structural approach to characterizing the binding of upa to the oxo-steroid receptors at the molecular level. we solved the x-ray crystal structure of the ligand-binding domain (lbd) of the human pr complexed with upa and a peptide from the transcriptional corepressor smrt. we used the x-ray crystal structure of the gr in its antagonist conformation to dock upa within its ligand-binding cavity. finally, we generated three-dimensional models of the lbd of androgen and mineralocorticoid receptors (ar and mr) in an antagonist conformation and docked upa within them. comparing the structures revealed that the network of stabilizing contacts between the upa c11 aryl group and the lbd is responsible for its high pr antagonist potency. it also showed that it is the inability of upa to contact gln642 in gr that explains why it has lower potency in inactivating gr than ru486. finally, we found that the binding pockets of ar and mr are too small to accommodate upa, and allowed us to propose that the extremely low sensitivity of mr to upa is due to inappropriate interactions with the c11 substituent. all these findings open new avenues for designing new pr antagonist compounds displaying greater selectivity. (c) 2014 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
emergency_contraception	objective emergency contraception (ec) accessibility has evolved differently in catalunya as compared with other autonomous communities in spain. free-of-charge access within the public health system was authorised in 2004, and over-the-counter (otc) access was implemented in 2009. the aim of the study is to assess the impact of these measures on demand and users' profiles at our institution. methods a retrospective study, in our emergency department, was conducted to evaluate ec requests in relationship to accessibility modifications. the age of women and which days of the week they attended were analysed. results the number of ec requests, the distribution by age and the demand over the week remained stable after access to ec became free of charge. however, requests sharply decreased following otc access implementation. distribution by age also changed, with a significant increase in requests from women under 25 years (72% vs 56%, p < 0.001). demand was greatest on sunday and monday, and this distribution persisted over the study period. conclusion ec requests remained unchanged following free-of-charge access to ec, but decreased after otc implementation. women currently seeking ec at no cost at our institution are more likely to be younger and to request it on a monday.
emergency_contraception	can administration of a prostaglandin (pg) e2 receptor 2 (ptger2) antagonist prevent pregnancy in adult female monkeys by blocking periovulatory events in the follicle without altering menstrual cyclicity or general health? this is the first study to demonstrate that a ptger2 antagonist can serve as an effective non-hormonal contraceptive in primates. the requirement for pge2 in ovulation and the release of an oocyte surrounded by expanded cumulus cells (cumulus-oocyte expansion; c-oe) was established through the generation of ptgs2 and ptger2 null-mutant mice. a critical role for pge2 in primate ovulation is supported by evidence that intrafollicular injection of indomethacin in rhesus monkeys suppressed follicle rupture, whereas co-injection of pge2 with indomethacin resulted in ovulation. first, controlled ovulation protocols were performed in adult, female rhesus monkeys to analyze the mrna levels for genes encoding pge2 synthesis and signaling components in the naturally selected pre-ovulatory follicle at different times after the ovulatory hcg stimulus (0, 12, 24, 36 h pre-ovulation; 36 h post-ovulation, n = 3-4/time point). second, controlled ovarian stimulation cycles were utilized to obtain multiple cumulus-oocyte complexes (cocs) from rhesus monkeys to evaluate the role of pge2 in c-oe in vitro (n = 3-4 animals/treatment; a parts per thousand yen3 cocs/animal/treatment). third, adult cycling female cynomolgus macaques were randomly assigned (n = 10/group) to vehicle (control) or ptger2 antagonist (bay06) groups to perform a contraceptive trial. after the first treatment cycle, a male of proven fertility was introduced into each group and they remained housed together for the duration of the 5-month contraceptive trial that was followed by a post-treatment reversibility trial. quantitative real-time pcr, coc culture and expansion, immunofluorescence/confocal microscopy, enzyme immunoassay, contraceptive trial, ultrasonography, complete blood counts, serum biochemistry tests and blood lipid profiles. several mrnas encoding proteins involved in pge2 synthesis, metabolism and signaling increase (p < 0.05) in the periovulatory follicle after administration of an ovulatory hcg bolus. pge2 signaling through ptger2 induces cumulus cell expansion and production of hyaluronic acid, which are critical events for fertilization. moreover, chronic administration of a selective ptger2 antagonist resulted in a significant (p < 0.05 versus vehicle-treated controls) contraceptive effect without altering steroid hormone patterns or menstrual cyclicity during a 5-months contraceptive trial. fertility recovered as early as 1 month after ending treatment. this is a proof-of-concept study in a non-human primate model. further investigations are warranted to elucidate the mechanism(s) of ptger2 antagonist action in the primate ovary. although ptger2 antagonist treatment did not produce any obvious undesirable effects, improvements in the mode of administration, as well as the efficacy of these compounds, are necessary to consider such a contraceptive for women. monitoring as well as improving the efficacy and safety of female contraceptives is an important public health activity. even though hormonal contraceptives are effective for women, concerns remain regarding their side-effects and long-term use because of the widespread actions of such steroidal products in many tissues. moreover, some women cannot take hormones for medical reasons. thus, development of non-hormonal contraceptives for women is warranted. supported by bayer healthcare pharmaceuticals, the eunice kennedy shriver nichd contraceptive development and research center (u54 hd055744), nih office of the director (oregon national primate research center p51 od011092), and a lalor foundation postdoctoral basic research fellowship (mcp). the use of the leica confocal was supported by grant number s10rr024585. some of the authors (n.b., a.r., k.-h.f., u.f., b.b. and b.l.) are employees of bayer healthcare pharma.
emergency_contraception	this paper presents the public health rationale for multipurpose prevention technologies (mpts) for sexual and reproductive health (srh) based on regional trends in demographic and srh indicators. it then distils important lessons gleaned from the introduction of contraceptive and reproductive health products over the past several decades in order to inform the development and future introduction of mpts for srh. principal results: a comparison of current demographic and public health regional data clearly revealed that the greatest confluence of women 's srh concerns occurs in sub-saharan africa and south/west asia. these regional overlaps of srh risks and outcomes present a strong rationale for developing mpts designed to simultaneously protect against unintended pregnancy, hiv and other stis. information from acceptability, marketing, and operations research on the female condom, emergency contraception, pills and intravaginal rings identified key product characteristics and socio-behavioral issues to be considered in the development and introduction of mpts. product characteristics such as formulation, duration of action, presence and magnitude of side effects, prescription status (over-the-counter vs. prescribed), provider type and training and user perspectives, all contributed in varying degrees to both provider and user bias, and subsequent uptake of these family planning methods. underlying socio-behavioral issues, including risk perception, ambivalence, and social costs also contributed to demand and use. early identification of target populations will be critical to market shaping, demand creation and defining appropriate service delivery channels for mpts. ultimately, knowledge, attitudes, perceptions and practices of users (and their partners) will drive the success-or failure-of product introduction. conclusions: mpts provide a compelling response to the multiple and reinforcing srh risks faced by women in key regions of the world, but specific product characteristics and their socio-behavioral correlates must be taken into account early in the development process. successful introduction of new mpts will require solid understanding of socio-behavioral correlates, effective demand generation, appropriate integration into health service delivery systems, quality counseling for proper use and active engagement of both public and private sectors. this article is based on a presentation at the ""product development workshop 2013: hiv and multipurpose prevention technologies,"" held in arlington, virginia on february 21-22, 2013. it forms part of a special supplement to antiviral research. (c) 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
emergency_contraception	objectives. specify epidemioclinical and legal aspects of sexual abuse among minors and evaluate the cost of care in dakar. materials and methods'. this is a retrospective multicenter cross-sectional study on sexual abuse among minors over a period of four years from 1st january 2006 to 31st december 2009. four maternities were targeted: the social hygiene institute of medina, health center roi-baudouin guediawaye, the pikine hospital and health center youssou-mbargane-diop of rufisque. results. during the study period, 252 child victims of sexual abuse were supported at four health facilities on a total of 272 sexual abuses of all ages, a frequency of 92.64%. the epidemiological profile of our patients was a child of 11 years old on average, female (100%) and living in the suburbs of dakar (68.1%). children were often abused during working hours (31.7%), outside the family environment and often by someone known to the victim (72.6%). genito-genital contact was the most common mode of sexual contact (80.9%) with vaginal penetration in 61% of cases. almost all of the victims (92.1%) came to consult, accompanied by their parents, between the 1st and 4th day after the sexual abuse (70%). the examination usually revealed a hymenal trauma (59.9%) of which nearly half (49%) consisted of old lesions. 56.9% of victims had a post-traumatic stress disorder and 31.1%, mutism. we recorded six (6) pregnancies, 2% of our sample. a case of hiv infection was recorded on a sample taken 72 hours after sexual abuse. control of three months hiv serology was requested in 7.1% of cases and only 20% of children had received antiretroviral prophylaxis. antibiotic prophylaxis had been performed in 13.7% of cases using doxycycline as drug of choice (75%). only 29% of our patients had received emergency contraception progestin and psychological care concerned only 22% of children. on the legal aspects, 46% of our patients had filed a complaint. prosecutions were 38%, 45% of which were convicted and 21% were acquitted. the rate of out-of-court settlement was 35% and the time limit for settlement by the justice was on average 6 months with extremes of one month and 24 months. the average cost of care was estimated at 17,010 cfa francs (26 euros) taking into account the consumables used for clinical examination (sterile gloves, catheter, syringe), analysis and prescription drugs. conclusion. the sexual abuse of minors is a disturbing reality that raises rightly universal reprobation. in senegal, this mainly affects children and its magnitude is increasing over the years. improved support for victims necessarily involves raising public awareness through the media and the development of specialized structures in the management of sexual abuse. (c) 2015 elsevier masson sas. all rights reserved.
emergency_contraception	objectives this paper highlights lessons from introductory efforts and presents new data on community, provider and key opinion leader perspectives to support expanded use of emergency contraception (ec) in senegal. sources of information the paper draws on four data sources: (i) a literature review; (ii) a secondary analysis of a household survey conducted by the urban reproductive health initiative; (iii) in-depth interviews with key opinion leaders; and (iv) a quantitative survey of healthcare providers from a range of service delivery points. analysis of data knowledge of ec among women is low in urban areas, with only 20% of women having heard of the method and 4% having ever used it. there were serious gaps in providers' technical knowledge about ec; only 57% knew its mode of action and 34% were aware of the need for timely use (within 120 h). moreover, nearly half reported reluctance to provide ec to married women and even fewer were willing to provide it to youths, particularly to adolescent girls. responses from key opinion leaders were mixed, demonstrating ambivalence about ec and how it could be offered. conclusion in senegal, the current positive political climate for family planning provides a good opportunity for strengthening ec programming to address knowledge and attitudinal barriers among providers, key opinion leaders and communities.
emergency_contraception	background: health service providers can restrict access to contraceptives through their own imposed biases about method appropriateness. in this study, provider biases toward contraceptive service provision among urban nigerian providers was assessed. methods: health providers working in health facilities, as well as pharmacists and patent medical vendors (pmv), in abuja, benin city, ibadan, ilorin, kaduna, and zaria, were surveyed in 2011 concerning their self-reported biases in service provision based on age, parity, and marital status. results: minimum age bias was the most common bias while minimum parity was the least common bias reported by providers. condoms were consistently provided with the least amount of bias, followed by provision of emergency contraception (ec), pills, injectables, and iuds. experience of in-service training for health facility providers was associated with decreased prevalence of marital status bias for the pill, injectable, and iud; however, training experience did not, or had the opposite effect on, pharmacists and pmv operator 's reports of service provision bias. conclusions: provider imposed eligibility barriers in urban study sites in nigeria were pervasive - the most prevalent restriction across method and provider type was minimum age. given the large and growing adolescent population interventions aimed at increasing supportive provision of contraceptives to youth in this context are urgently needed. the results show that the effect of in-service training on provider biases was limited. future efforts to address provider biases in contraceptive service provision, among all provider types, must find creative ways to address this critical barrier to increased contraceptive use.
skin_care	there are conditions in dermatology that cause severe cracking and flaking of the skin, representing a failure of normal desquamation. several hygroscopic substances that affect the moisturization of the stratum corneum have been identified for the treatment of scaling disorders. prominent among these are polyols and alpha hydroxy acids. we elaborated a new pharmaceutical product that combines the biomolecules glycerol and ammonium lactate. the aim of this study was to evaluate the physicochemical stability and rheologic properties of the new skin care preparation.
skin_care	a sensitive gas chromatography-mass spectrometry method was established for the simultaneous determination of thirteen n-nitrosamines (nas) in skin care cosmetics. the cosmetics samples were firstly dispersed by water and subsequently extracted and purified using salting out-acetonitrile homogeneous extraction method. finally, the extracting solution was concentrated by slow nitrogen gas blowing. all of the samples were separated by innowax capillary chromatographic column, and detected by selected ion monitoring (sim) mode of gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (gc-ms) and quantified by isotope internal standard method. the method was validated for linearity and range, accuracy, precision and sensitivity. under the optimized condition, the calibration curves were linear over the selected concentration ranges of 2-500 mu g/l for all the thirteen analytes, with calculated coefficients of determination (r-2) of greater than 0.996. the limits of detection (lods) and the limits of quantitation (loqs) of the method were 3-15 mu g/kg and 10-50 mu g/kg, respectively. recoveries were calculated at three levels of concentration spiked in two kinds of cosmetics (skin care cream and water). the values were found between 93.8% and 121.0% with relative standard deviation (rsd) values of 2.5-7.2% for intra-day precision (n = 6) and 3.3-6.7% for inter-day precision (n = 5). the method was successfully applied to analyze twenty-two cosmetics samples and n-nitrosodimethylamine (ndma) was detected in one sample with the concentration of 207 mu g/kg. (c) 2015 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
skin_care	background: cutaneous adverse events can have an important negative influence on quality of life and compliance in affected patients. palmoplantar erythrodysesthesia (ppe; hand-foot syndrome) is a cutaneous toxicity associated with chemotherapeutic treatment, which necessitates treatment interruption or dose reduction in severe cases. this case report of pegylated liposomal doxorubicin-induced ppe shows the influence of mechanical stress on the development of skin lesions in various locations and the importance of patient education and compliance. case report: we present the case of a 43-year-old female patient diagnosed with ovarian cancer and having undergone surgical and chemotherapeutic treatment. the development of extensive grade 3 ppe affecting numerous areas of the body particularly exposed to mechanical pressure necessitated dermatological treatment. the combination of local application of an antioxidant-containing ointment and the patient 's compliance made it possible to continue chemotherapy without interruption or dose reduction. conclusion: the development of ppe often limits the use of chemotherapeutic agents, and this case report can provide a possible therapeutic and preventive strategy for affected patients.
skin_care	ethnopharmacological relevance: plukenetia volubilis l. (euphorbiaceae) is a domesticated vine distributed from the high-altitude andean rain forest to the lowlands of the peruvian amazon. oil from the cold-pressed seeds, sold under the commercial name of sacha inchi oil (sio) is actually much in favour because it contains a high percentage of omega 3 and omega 6, and is hence used as a dietary supplement. sio is also used traditionally for skin care, in order to maintain skin softness, and for the treatment of wounds, insect bites and skin infections, in a tropical context where the skin is frequently damaged. aims of the study: this study was designed in order to verify whether the traditional use of sio for skin care would have any impact on staphylococcus aureus growth and skin adherence, as s. aureus is involved in many skin pathologies (impetigo, folliculitis, furuncles and subcutaneous abscesses) being one if the main pathogens that can be found on the skin. therefore, our objective was to assess sio bactericidal activity and interference with adherence to human skin explants and the keratinocyte cell line. cytotoxicity on that cells was also determined. the activity of sio was compared to coconut oil (coco), which is widely used for skin care but has different unsaturated fatty acids contents. materials and methods: laboratory testing with certified oil, determined antibacterial activity against radio labelled s. aureus. cytotoxic effects were measured with xtf on keratinocyte cells and with neutral red on human skin explants; phenol was used as cytotoxic control. adherence assays were carried out by mixing h3-labelled s. aureus bacteria with keratinocyte cells and human skin explants, incubated with oils 2 h before (to determine the inhibition of adherence, assimilated to a preventive effect) or 2 h after the contact of the biological material with s. aureus (to assess the detachment of the bacteria, assimilated to a curative effect). residual radioactivity measured after washings made it possible to determine the adherence intensity. bactericidal effect was determined by colony counting on trypticase soy agar. results: laboratory assays showed that sio and coco, tested undiluted, were not cytotoxic on keratinocytes nor human explants and were not bactericidal neither. sio was more active as antiadherent (preventive) than coco on keratinocytes. there was no significant difference between detachment effects (curative) of both oils on keratinocytes but sio was almost 5 times more active on the detachment of s. aureus from human skin explants. conclusion: from that study it can be concluded that the use of sio on dermal cells is safe and efficient in the inhibition of s. aureus adherence. our results tend to support the traditional use of undiluted sio in skin care. (c) 2015 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
skin_care	a washcloth with a colour indicator appears green when immersed into skin friendly washing agents with a ph of around 6, and red when immersed into irritant washing solutions with a ph above 9. this traffic light colour change of the washcloth helps parents and elderly people avoid allergic reactions caused by alkaline personal care products. the washcloth operates fully reversibly and thus can be used multiple times, and it can be washed without leaching because the dye chemistry is covalently immobilised to the fabric. testing according to oekotex 100 product class 1 approves contact with babies, certifying the high stability of immobilisation. the washcloth can be used for proper choice of skin care products and for general dermatology applications.
skin_care	job-related hand dermatitis heads up the list of reported occupational diseases. so-called skin products - understood to mean protective creams, skin cleansers and skin care products - are used for the primary and secondary prevention of job-related hand dermatitis. in the interests of evidence-based medicine, the only preventive measures and/or occupational skin products that should be used are those whose potential uses and efficacy are underpinned by scientific research. to this end, the arbeitsgemeinschaft fur berufs-und umweltdermatologie e. v. (working group for occupational and environmental dermatology, abd) of the ddg (german dermatological society) and the deutsche gesellschaft fur arbeits - und umweltmedizin (german society for occupational and environmental medicine, dgaum) have summed up the latest scientific findings and recommendations in the updated guideline. the benefit of the combined application of protective creams and skin care products in the primary and secondary prevention of work-related contact dermatitis has been widely confirmed by recent clinical-epidemiological studies. the guideline clearly explains the necessity of demonstrating the efficacy of protective creams and cleansing products by means of in vivo methods in the sense of repetitive applications. transferable standardised testing systems designed to examine the irritation potential and thus the compatibility of occupational skin cleansers and the reduction of irritation by protective skin creams have now been developed and validated by multicentre studies for skin protection creams and cleansers. the status of the current assessment of the safety of occupational skin products is also summarised.
skin_care	objective: we assessed the knowledge level and skills of trained ashas in providing home-based newborn care. methods: 100 asha from two talukas of anand district of gujarat participated. knowledge was assessed using a structured questionnaire while certain skills were assessed through direct observation on mannequins. results: the mean (sd) knowledge score of the participants was 16.7(3.16) out of 34. the skills were satisfactory in 52%, 61%, 43%, and 68% of asha workers for temperature measurement, hand washing, weight measurement and skin-to-skin care, respectively. large variability was observed in self reported and field performance of asha workers. conclusions: knowledge and skills of asha workers in this region were inadequate.
skin_care	background: skin-to-skin contact between mother and infant, commonly referred to as kangaroo care (kc), has demonstrated efficacy as a pain-relieving strategy for infants, yet, it remains underutilized in clinical practice. purpose: to evaluate changes in neonatal intensive care unit staff nurse beliefs, utilization, and challenges related to practice change in implementing kc as an intervention for management of procedural pain in preterm infants between 2 time points. methods: nurses who participated in a larger clinical trial examining the sustained efficacy of kc were asked to complete a questionnaire at 2 time points: 1-and 6 month(s) following study initiation. identified benefits, expectations, frequency of use, and challenges related to practice change uptake were described using frequencies and percentages. data from the 2 different time points were compared using. 2 analysis. results: of the 40 nurses approached, all completed the questionnaire (19 at the 1-month and 21 at the 6-month time point). of the sample (n = 40), 97% of participants indicated that they expected kc to provide good pain relief or better. staff nurses reported significantly improved preconceived ideas (chi(2) = 22.68, p <.01) and significantly fewer concerns (chi(2) = 22.10, p =.01) related to using kc as a pain-relieving intervention between the 2 time points. no significant differences were seen in the frequency of using kc as an intervention between time points. implications for research and practice: despite increasingly positive preconceived ideas and reduced concerns, the frequency of using kc for procedural pain relief remained unchanged. further research addressing ways to overcome barriers to utilizing kc as an intervention for procedural pain is warranted.
skin_care	background: the period of infancy, spanning through the neonatal stage to two years, is characterized by a series of health challenges for the affected child and concerned parents. this study conducted in odeda local government area of ogun state, nigeria was aimed at investigating the plants used in the traditional management of infantile dermatitis and other neonatal skin infections with emphasis on the role of spices. methods: structured questionnaires (and personal interview) were administered to 36 nursing mothers (age range, 15 - 50) and 30 herbsellers (age range, 21 - 60) in the lga. the herbsellers prescribed recipes used in the management of general skin diseases including abscess, chicken pox, eczema, flaky skin spots, measles, rashes, ringworm, and small pox. results: the survey yielded 69 plants belonging to 38 families and forming 25 polyherbal and mono-recipes. fabaceae, rutaceae, euphorbiaceae, annonaceae, poaceae, meliaceae, and amaryllidaceae had high species representation. trees (40.58%) were the most frequently used plant habit while leaves (40.58%) formed the most frequently used plant part. decoction and infusion using pure water were the methods of preparation suggested. administration ranged from drinking extracts (2-3 teaspoonfuls) three times daily, to bathing with warm extracts of the plants and the use of coconut oil as cream. traditional black soap and shea butter also featured in the herbal remedy for bath and as cream respectively. local sponge was preferred for bathing. conclusion: this study has documented the alternative medical approach in the management of infantile skin diseases. the cultural relevance of plants calls for sustainable use of plant resources. this research finds application in primary health care, microbiology, and in cosmetic industries for the development of new or improved baby skin care products. further research should be conducted to confirm the claimed ethnomedicinal values as well as evaluate possible harm of crude plant extracts to skin structures of infants.
skin_care	nowadays, the consumers around the world are increasingly focused on health and beauty. the renewed consumer interest in natural cosmetic products creates the demand for new products and reformulated others with botanical and functional ingredients. in cosmetic products, essential oils (eos) play a major role as fragrance ingredients. they can optimize its proprieties and preservation, as well as the marketing image of the final product. microencapsulation of eos can protect and prevent the loss of volatile aromatic ingredients and improve the controlled release and stability of this core materials. the importance of eos for cosmetic industry and its microencapsulation was reviewed in this study. also a briefly introduction about the preparation of microparticles was presented. some of the most important and usual microencapsulation techniques of eos, as well as the conventional encapsulating agents, were discussed. despite the fact that microencapsulation of eos is a very promising and extremely attractive application area for cosmetic industry, further basic research needs to be carried out, for a better understanding of the biofunctional activities of microencapsulated eos and its release modulation, as well as the effects of others cosmetic ingredients and the storage time in the microparticles properties.
myelofibrosis	mutations in the calreticulin (calr) gene are found in the majority of janus kinase 2-negative myeloproliferative neoplasms mpn and, thus far, have exclusively been reported as acquired, somatic mutations. we assessed the mutational status of exon 9 of the calr gene in 2000 blood samples submitted to our centre and identified 12 subjects (0.6%) harbouring distinctive calr mutations, all with an allelic frequency of 50% and all involving indels occurring as multiples of 3 bp. buccal cell samples obtained from these patients confirmed the germline nature of the mutations. importantly, these germline mutations were not diagnostic of mpn. we thus report for the first time the identification and confirmation of germline mutations in calr distinct from those somatic mutations that define classical mpn. the finding of a non-standard calr mutation with an allelic frequency of 50% should raise suspicion of the possibility of a germline calr mutation and these cases investigated further.
myelofibrosis	we evaluated ruxolitinib in 65 patients with myelofibrosis according to age, sex, time of diagnosis, grade of fibrosis, prognostic score risk, janus kinase (jak) status, primary or secondary myelofibrosis, previous treatment, and dosage. outcome measures were response rate, time to response, duration of response, and event-free survival and survival. kaplan and meier curves show a significant difference in event-free survival according to the prognostic score, in favor of patients with low int1 (p = 0.0009). the cox stepwise model confirmed the result, the int2 high-risk score being the most powerful negative independent parameter (0.001), followed by jak (0.008); other parameters, such as diagnosis more than 5 years earlier, grade iii-iv fibrosis, and ruxolitinib dose have a negligible impact. time to response was shorter (p = 0.001) in primary myelofibrosis. in conclusion, ruxolitinib is effective, with a better outcome in patients with a low-int1 risk score. this may suggest considering an earlier administration in the disease course.
myelofibrosis	primary myelofibrosis is a unique entity among bcr-abl-negative myeloproliferative diseases, manifesting as bone marrow fibrosis and pancytopenia. considerable evidence indicates that genetic and epigenetic abnormalities can result in defective clonal hematopoietic stem cell proliferation in addition to bone marrow microenvironment alteration. the ""bad seeds in bad soil"" theory illustrates the orchestrating efforts of hematopoietic stem cells, stromal cells, and their surrounding signaling molecules in myelofibrosis progression and malignancy transformation, though the exact mechanism of myelofibrosis is still not clear. this study reviews current concepts and questions regarding the pathogenesis of primary myelofibrosis and discusses the emerging targeted therapy aimed at restoring normal bone marrow environment and halting bone marrow fibrotic deterioration.
myelofibrosis	myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpn) are clonal disorders of hematopoietic stem- and progenitor cells. mutation of janus-kinase 2 (jak2) is the most frequent genetic event detected in philadelphia-negative mpn. in advanced phases, the clinical hallmark of the disease is a striking inflammatory syndrome. so far, the cellular and molecular basis of inflammation is not fully understood. we, therefore, sought to investigate the relationship of activating jak2 mutation and aberrant cytokine expression in mpn. cytokine array was performed to identify jak2v617f-related cytokine expression and secretion. cxcl10 mrna expression was analyzed by qpcr in peripheral blood cells. to exclude paracrine/autocrine stimulation as a potential mechanism, we generated ba/f3-epor-jak2wt or epor-jak2v617f cells lacking cxcl10 receptor. pharmacologic inhibition of jak2 kinase was achieved by jak-inhibitor treatment. signaling pathways and downstream effectors were characterized by western blotting, immunofluorescence microscopy, luciferase reporter assays, qpcr, and chromatin-immunoprecipitation studies. we identified cxcl10 as the most highly induced cytokine in jak2-mutated cell lines. in mpn patients, cxcl10 is highly expressed in jak2v617f but not jak2wt mpn or healthy donor controls. moreover, cxcl10 expression correlates with jak2v617f allelic burden. high cxcl10 correlates with the presence of clinical risk factors but not with clinical symptoms and quality of life. pharmacologic inhibition of mutated jak2 kinase inhibits cxcl10 expression. nf kappa b signaling is activated downstream of jak2v617f receptor and directly induces cxcl10 expression. our data provide first evidence for a link between oncogenic jak2v617f signaling and cell intrinsic induction of cxcl10 induced by activated nfkb signaling.
myelofibrosis	the social media platform twitter has provided the hematology/oncology community with unprecedented, novel methods of interpersonal communication and increased ability for the dissemination of important updates in a rapidly moving field. the advent, and subsequent success, of disease-specific twitter communities have further enabled interested healthcare stakeholders to become quickly organized around a unique set of rare medical conditions, such as hematologic malignancies, that, historically, generally lack large amounts of reliable online information. one example is the twitter community #mpnsm (myeloproliferative neoplasms on social media), which was started approximately one and half years ago and has served as a recognized venue for discussion among many members of the mpn community, including patients, researchers, providers, and advocacy organizations. this article will focus on understanding the impact of the founding of this community via the analysis of advanced twitter metrics of user experience, from the first year of use for this novel healthcare hashtag.
myelofibrosis	backgroundthis analysis of the myeloproliferative neoplasm (mpn) landmark survey evaluated gaps between patient perceptions of their disease management and physician self-reported practices. methodsthe survey included 813 patient respondents who had mpns (myelofibrosis [mf], polycythemia vera [pv], or essential thrombocythemia [et]) and 457 hematologist/oncologist respondents who treated patients with these conditions. resultsgreater proportions of physician respondents reported using prognostic risk classifications (mf, 83%; pv, 59%; et, 77%) compared with patient recollections (mf, 54%; pv, 17%; et, 31%). most physician respondents reported that their typical symptom assessments included asking patients about the most important symptoms or a full list of symptoms, whereas many patient respondents reported less specific assessments (eg, they were asked how they were feeling). many patient respondents did not recognize common symptoms as mpn-related. for example, approximately one-half or more did not believe difficulty sleeping resulted from their mpn (mf, 49%; pv, 64%; et, 76%). physician respondents underestimated the proportion of patients who had symptomatic pv or et at diagnosis compared with patient respondents. there was discordance regarding treatment goals: among patient respondents with mf or pv, slow/delay progression of condition was the most important treatment goal, whereas physician respondents reported symptom improvement and prevention of vascular/thrombotic events, respectively. finally, more than one-third of patient respondents were not very satisfied with their physician 's overall management/communication. conclusionsthe care and satisfaction of patients with mpn may be improved with increased patient education and improved patient-physician communication. cancer 2017;123:449-458. (c) 2016 the authors. cancer published by wiley periodicals, inc. on behalf of american cancer society. this analysis of data from the myeloproliferative neoplasm (mpn) landmark survey identified important gaps in patient and physician respondent perceptions about mpns. discordance in patient and physician respondent perceptions was observed in mpn-related prognostic risk assessment, symptom burden, treatment goals and expectations, and treatment satisfaction.
myelofibrosis	identification of somatic frameshift mutations in exon 9 of the calreticulin gene (calr) in myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpns) in december of 2013 has been a remarkable finding. it has provided a new molecular diagnostic marker, particularly in essential thrombocythemia (et) and primary myelofibrosis (pmf), where is the second most common altered gene after jak2v617f. there are two main types of calr mutants, type 1 and type 2, and there is evidence about their distinct clinical/prognostic implications, for instances, it is believed that favorable outcome might be restricted to type-1 in pmf. by using reasoned approaches, very recent publications have supported classifying the alternative mutants in type-1-like or type-2-like. if further studies confirm these results, new considerations may be taken into account in the molecular diagnosis of mpns. this implies that precise mutation characterization must be performed and caution should be taken in screening technique selection. in this editorial we summarize the current information regarding all this issues.
myelofibrosis	background true essential thrombocythemia (et) may carry one of the known driver mutations (jak2, mpl and calr) or none of them [in triple-negative (3neg) cases]. the patients' mutational status seems to delineate the clinical manifestations of et. materials and methods we report the data of 183 patients diagnosed with et strictly according to the who 2008 criteria and with a full molecular diagnosis, including the following: 114 patients (62.3%) with jak2v617f; 25 (13.7%) with calr type 1 and 19 (10.4%) with calr type 2; 3 (1.6%) with mpl; 22 (12%) who were 3neg. thrombotic risk was assessed by means of the ipset-thrombosis score (ipset-t). results calr and 3neg patients had lower haemoglobin levels and leucocyte count than jak2 patients. calr patients, and those with type 2 in particular, had higher mean platelet counts and had extreme thrombocytosis more often than any of the other groups. based on their ipset-t stratification, 3neg- and calr-mutated patients belonged more frequently to the low-risk group and had a significant more favourable thrombosis-free survival rate than those with jak2 mutation. conclusion these findings indicate that the three different molecular markers have a significant impact on the clinical course of true et, giving rise to different phenotypes of the same disease.
myelofibrosis	in this study, we investigate if chronic inflammation and autoimmunity might be related to the development of chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (cmml). conducting a case-control study, we included 112 cmml subjects diagnosed at three hematological departments in denmark between 2003 and 2013. controls were 231 unmatched chronic lymphatic leukemia (cll) subjects diagnosed at one of the departments between 2003 and 2012. subjects with a history of chronic inflammation or autoimmune disorders were retrieved and odds ratios (ors) calculated. 16.1% of cmml subjects and 6.5% of cll subjects presented with a history of chronic inflammatory or autoimmune conditions. this was significantly associated with an increased risk of cmml (adjusted or 3.24, 95% ci: 1.5-7.0). at individual levels, this association was statistically significant for polymyalgia rheumatica and itp (p values < 0.01 and 0.03, respectively). we found an association of cmml and smoking status (or 1.42, 95% ci: 1.06-1.90) with more former smokers in the cmml group.
myelofibrosis	essential thrombocythemia (et) is a rare clonal myeloproliferative disorder with a prevalence rate of approximately 1-3 cases per 100 000 individuals per year. et is characterized by a persistent increase in the platelet count with hyperplasia of bone marrow megakaryocytes. it is difficult to make a diagnosis of et, because most thrombocythemia are reactive to certain disease conditions including iron deficiency anemia, infection, collagen diseases and malignant tumors. mutation in the janus kinase (jak)2 gene is present in approximately 50-70% of et patients, and somatic mutations in the calreticulin (calr) gene were recently discovered in approximately 20-25% of sporadic patients with et or primary myelofibrosis. various cutaneous manifestations of et often occur by microvascular thrombosis and precede severe arterial and venous thromboembolic events in other organs. therefore, in order to prevent such severe events, it is important to make an early diagnosis of et based on a number of cutaneous manifestations. here, we report two cases of et diagnosed based on livedo racemosa on feet with gene mutations in jak2 and calr, respectively, and show the pathological and immunohistological findings of the livedo resulting from platelet thrombosis rather than vasculitis. we also review the cutaneous manifestations in current published reports of japanese et patients. our patients were successfully treated with low-dose aspirin, a vasodepressor and hydroxyurea, following regressed livedo and reduced platelet counts.
hypothyroidism	the activity of the hypothalamus-pituitary-thyroid axis (hpt) is coordinated by hypophysiotropic thyrotropin releasing hormone (trh) neurons present in the paraventricular nucleus of the hypothalamus. hypophysiotropic trh neurons act as energy sensors. trh controls the synthesis and release of thyrotropin, which activates the synthesis and secretion of thyroid hormones; in target tissues, transporters and deiodinases control their local availability. thyroid hormones regulate many functions, including energy homeostasis. this review discusses recent evidence that covers several aspects of trh role in hpt axis regulation. knowledge about the mechanisms of trh signaling has steadily increased. new transcription factors engaged in trh gene expression have been identified, and advances made on how they interact with signaling pathways and define the dynamics of trh neurons response to acute and/or long-term influences. albeit yet incomplete, the relationship of trh neurons activity with positive energy balance has emerged. the importance of tanycytes as a central relay for the feedback control of the axis, as well as for hpt responses to alterations in energy balance, and other stimuli has been reinforced. finally, some studies have started to shed light on the interference of prenatal and postnatal stress and nutrition on hptaxis programing, which have confirmed the axis susceptibility to early insults.
hypothyroidism	hypothyroidism is associated with the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, but cellular mechanisms have been scarcely analyzed. thyroid hormones regulate the synthesis and secretion of bile acids that are endogenous ligands of the farnesoid receptor (fxr alpha), which have been involved in the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. however, the relationship between thyroid hormones and fxr alpha expression in the liver is yet unknown. control (n = 6) and methimazole-induced hypothyroid (n = 6) female rabbits were used to evaluate the amount of lipids and glycogen, vascularization, hepatocytes proliferation, immune cells infiltration, and expression of fxr alpha. student-t or mann-whitney u tests were carried out to determine significant differences. hypothyroidism induced steatosis, glycogen loss, fibrosis, and a minor vascularization in the liver. in contrast, hypothyroidism increased the proliferation of hepatocytes and the infiltration of mast cells, but did not modify the number of immune cells into sinusoids. these changes were associated with a minor anti-fxr alpha immunoreactivity of periportal hepatocytes and pericentral immune cells. our results suggest that hypothyroidism induces a moderate non-alcoholic steatohepatitis, alllowing the hepatic regeneration. the fxr alpha may be involved in the development of non-alcoholic steatohepatitis in hypothyroid subjects.
hypothyroidism	no serological cut-off exists to separate low t3 syndrome (lt) and central hypothyroidism (ch). the objective of this retrospective study was to propose such a cut-off. the first participant group comprised 52 patients from the age of six to twenty years. this group consisted of patients of 36 anorexia nervosa with lt and 16 ch. the second participant groups comprised 229 patients of all the same range of ages at the same hospital and included lt (n = 58) and ch (n = 4) patients, respectively. the third group of participants comprised 125 lt and 27 ch patients at the same hospital at all ages less than eighteen years. the last group of participants comprised 10 ch patients from the other two hospitals. the main outcome measure was ft3/ft4 ratio (pg/ml, ng/dl respectively). this ratio in the first group was significantly different (p < 0.05) between lt and ch. when the cut off value of fi3/ft4 was set as 2.0, the sensitivity of the lt and ch patients in the second group was 62% and 100%, respectively. this cut-off value of 2.0 was useful for distinguishing lt from ch only above the age of two years, as shown in the third group. the ft3/ft4 in 10 subjects with ch in the last group, aged 2 to 7 years, ranged from 2.55 to 7.71. in conclusion, tt3/if4 less than 2.0 suggests lt rather than ch for patients from the age of two to eighteen years.
hypothyroidism	background: myxedema coma is a life-threatening and emergency presentation of hypothyroidism. however, the clinical features and outcomes of this condition have been poorly defined because of its rarity. methods: we conducted a retrospective observational study of patients diagnosed with myxedema coma from july 2010 through march 2013 using a national inpatient database in japan. we investigated characteristics, comorbidities, treatments, and in-hospital mortality of patients with myxedema coma. results: we identified 149 patients diagnosed with myxedema coma out of approximately 19 million inpatients in the database. the mean (standard deviation) age was 77 (12) years, and two-thirds of the patients were female. the overall proportion of in-hospital mortality among cases was 29.5%. the number of patients was highest in the winter season. patients treated with steroids, catecholamines, or mechanical ventilation showed higher in-hospital mortality than those without. variations in type and dosage of thyroid hormone replacement were not associated with in-hospital mortality. the most common comorbidity was cardiovascular diseases (40.3%). the estimated incidence of myxedema coma was 1.08 per million people per year in japan. multivariable logistic regression analysis revealed that higher age and use of catecholamines (with or without steroids) were significantly associated with higher in-hospital mortality. conclusions: the present study identified the clinical characteristics and outcomes of patients with myxedema coma using a large-scale database. myxedema coma mortality was independently associated with age and severe conditions requiring treatment with catecholamines. (c) 2016 the authors. publishing services by elsevier b.v.
hypothyroidism	the purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of hypothyroidism among hospitalized patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus and its related factors, and to assess the prevalence of macrovascular and microvascular diseases among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients with hypothyroidism and euthyroidism. a total of 1662 type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients hospitalized at the metabolic diseases hospital, tianjin medical university from 1 january 2008 to 1 march 2013 were included in this study. information on demographic and anthropometric factors and additional variables related to hypothyroidism were collected from medical records. prevalence rates were calculated and standardized using direct method based on the age-specific and sex-specific structure of all participants. data were analyzed using binary logistic regression with adjustment for potential confounders. the prevalence of hypothyroidism among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients was 6.8 %, and 77.0% of the patients with hypothyroidism had subclinical hypothyroidism. the prevalence of hypothyroidism increased with age, and was higher in women (10.8 %) than in men (3.4 %). older age (odds ratio, 1.74; 95% confidence interval, 1. 05 to 2.89), female gender (odds ratio, 2.02; 95% confidence interval, 1.05 to 3.87), and positive thyroid peroxidase antibody (odds ratio, 4.99; 95% confidence interval, 2.83 to 8.79) were associated with higher odds of hypothyroidism among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients. the type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients with hypothyroidism had higher prevalence of cerebrovascular diseases than those with euthyroidism after adjustment for age and gender. the prevalence of hypothyroidism among type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients was 6.8 %, and most patients had subclinical hypothyroidism. older age, female gender, and positive thyroid peroxidase antibody could be indicators for detecting hypothyroidism in type 2 diabetes mellitus inpatients.
hypothyroidism	thyroid hormones have an influence on the functioning of the central nervous system. furthermore, the cholinergic and purinergic systems also are extensively involved in brain function. in this context, quercetin is a polyphenol with antioxidant and neuroprotective properties. this study investigated the effects of (mmi)-induced hypothyroidism on the ntpdase, 5'-nucleotidase, adenosine deaminase (ada), and acetylcholinesterase (ache) activities in synaptosomes of rats and whether the quercetin can prevent it. mmi at a concentration of 20 mg/100 ml was administered for 90 days in the drinking water. the animals were divided into six groups: control/water (ct/w), control/quercetin 10 mg/kg, control/quercetin 25 mg/kg, methimazole/water (mmi/w), methimazole/quercetin 10 mg/kg (mmi/q10), and methimazole/quercetin 25 mg/kg (mmi/q25). on the 30th day, hormonal dosing was performed to confirm hypothyroidism, and the animals were subsequently treated with 10 or 25 mg/kg quercetin for 60 days. ntpdase activity was not altered in the mmi/w group. however, treatment with quercetin decreased atp and adp hydrolysis in the mmi/q10 and mmi/q25 groups. 5'-nucleotidase activity increased in the mmi/w group, but treatments with 10 or 25 mg/kg quercetin decreased 5'-nucleotidase activity. ada activity decreased in the ct/25 and mmi/q25 groups. furthermore, ache activity was reduced in all groups with hypothyroidism. in vitro tests also demonstrated that quercetin per se decreased ntpdase, 5'-nucleotidase, and ache activities. this study demonstrated changes in the 5'-nucleotidase and ache activities indicating that purinergic and cholinergic neurotransmission are altered in this condition. in addition, quercetin can alter these parameters and may be a promising natural compound with important neuroprotective actions in hypothyroidism.
hypothyroidism	background: autoimmune gastritis (aig) is a gastric pathologic condition affecting the mucosa of the fundus and the body and eventually leading to hypo-achlorhydria.aims: we report our clinical and pathological experience with aig.methods: data from patients with a diagnosis of aig seen in the period january 2002-december 2012 were retrieved. only patients with complete sets of biopsies were analyzed.results: data from 138 patients were available for analysis. pernicious anemia was present in 25% of patients, iron deficiency anemia was found in 29.7% of patients, hypothyroidism in 23% of patients, type 1 diabetes in 7.9% of patients, and vitiligo in 2.8% of patients. parietal cell antibodies were positive in 65% of patients, and no patient had serology positive for celiac disease. all gastric biopsies showed glandular atrophy associated with enterochromaffin-like (ecl)-cells hyperplasia, features limited to the mucosa of the fundus and body, and focal glandular intestinal metaplasia. helicobacter pylori was negative in all cases.conclusions: aig was strongly associated with anemia; atrophy, intestinal metaplasia and ecl hyperplasia in the gastric fundus and body are hallmarks of this condition.
hypothyroidism	the aim was to assess the proportion of women requiring a referral to an endocrinologist when carrying out routine screening for maternal thyroid disease simultaneously with screening for down syndrome. between november 2009 and september 2015, women having a first trimester combined test were screened; those symptomatic or being investigated for thyroid problems were excluded. in the first half of the period the blood sample was tested for anti-thyroid peroxidase (tpo) antibodies, serum thyroid stimulating hormone (tsh), and free thyroxine (ft4); thereafter ft4 was not used. women with at least one analyte outside the range (tpo more than 5.6 ku/l, tsh 0.35-4.94 mu/l, ft4 9.0-19.1 pml/l) were referred to an endocrinologist for counseling. of 10,052 women screened, 1190 (11.8%) had tsh, ft4, or antibody levels outside the range; 13.0% when ft4 was used and 10.4% thereafter. most of these positive results were due to a single abnormal marker. there was a much higher positive rate in multiple pregnancies (27.3% compared with 11.5% in singletons; p < 0.0001). there was an association between positivity and maternal age (p < 0.0001), a higher rate in the small ethnic group of asians (p < 0.0005) and a lower rate among smokers (p < 0.02) and following assisted reproduction (p < 0.05). routine antibody and hormone testing at the same time as the combined test generated a large number of referrals but this did not overload the services.
hypothyroidism	accumulating evidences showed that thyroid hormone was participated in the functioning of the reproductive system, and an elevated level of thyroid hormones had a negative impact on reproductive system. however, the molecular basis for this observation still remains to be fully understood. here, we show that l-thyroxine significantly impaired human sperm motility. the molecular basis showed that thyroxine receptor stimulation triggers phosphatidyl inositol 3-kinase (pi3k)/akt signaling activation leading to the e3 ligase mdm2 phosphorylation at serine 166, which directly interacted with p53 for degradation. p53 degradation caused a p53-dependent dna damage checkpoint or repair dysfunction, which eventually results in dna damage accumulation in sperm. our results highlight that inhibition of pi3k/akt pathway or p53 degradation is important in maintaining sperm motility in a thyroxine receptor (tr)-dependent manner. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
hypothyroidism	background: thyroid hormone concentrations may deviate from normal values during critical illness. this condition is known as nonthyroidal illness syndrome (ntis), and it can influence the results of screening for congenital hypothyroidism (ch) during neonatal extracorporeal membrane oxygenation (ecmo). objectives: to determine the incidence of aberrant ch screening results in ecmo-treated neonates, to identify possible determinants, and to follow up patients with abnormal thyroid hormone concentrations. methods: in this retrospective cohort study, we included 168 ecmo-treated neonates admitted from 2004 to 2014 and screened by protocol and divided them into the following 3 groups: group 1 (screened during ecmo, n = 107), group 2 (screened shortly before ecmo, n = 26), and group 3 (screened shortly after ecmo, n = 35). results: ch screening results were aberrant in 67.3% (72/107) of the neonates screened during ecmo, in 73.1% (19/26) of the neonates screened before ecmo, and in 31.4% (11/35) of the neonates screened after ecmo (p < 0.001). of the neonates with an aberrant screening result, all but 2 (i.e. 98%) had a low thyroxine concentration with a normal thyrotropin concentration at screening, as is seen in ntis. none was diagnosed with ch. mortality did not significantly differ between neonates with an aberrant screening result (32.4%) and neonates with a normal screening result (22.7%; p = 0.18). screening before ecmo (or 5.92; 95% c11.93-18.20), screening during ecmo (or 4.49; 95% ci 1.98-10.19), and a higher pediatric logistic organ dysfunction-2 score (or 1.31; 95% ci 1.04-1.66) were associated with an aberrant screening result. conclusions: aberrant ch screening results were found in most ecmo-treated neonates screened before or during ecmo, which is likely due to ntis. follow-up of thyroid hormone concentrations is best started after recovery from critical illness. our results suggest that thyroxine therapy is not required during ecmo. (c) 2016 the author(s) published by s. karger ag, basel
headache	objective: to investigate the common complications from the microsurgical treatment of large intracranial vestibular schwannoma (vs) via suboccipital retrosigmoid approach and to propose strategies for minimizing such complications. methods: we selected all patients with large unilateral vs from the collected database (1999-2013) who underwent microsurgical resection as their initial treatment for histopathologically confirmed vs. tumors larger than 30 chi 20 mm were defined as large. results: a total of 1167 patients with vs were included. gross total tumor resection was achieved in 1006 patients (86.2%). the mortality rate is 0.77%. the facial nerve was preserved anatomically in 1083 cases (92.8%), and the functional valuation of the facial nerve according to postoperative house-brackmann scale showed 423 patients (36.2%) in grades i-ii, 534 cases (45.8%) in grade iii, and 210 patients (18.0%) in grade iv-vi. the main short-term postoperative complication included new hearing loss (american institute of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery grade d) in 634 cases (54.3%), disequilibrium in 250 cases (21.4%), labial herpes in 127 cases (10.9%), meningitis in 115 (9.85%) and lower cranial nerve deficit in 77 cases (6.59%). follow-up data were available for 978 of the 1167 patients (83.8%). long-term complications include hearing loss (american institute of otolaryngology-head and neck surgery grade d) (75.8%), permanent facial paralysis (11.9%), facial numbness (10.9%), tinnitus (2.96%), chronic headache (2.25%), and taste disturbance (1.43%). conclusions: the key factors for reducing surgical complications include careful assessment of the functions of acoustic and facial nerves as well as a thorough understanding of anatomy via the retrosigmoid approach before operation, skillful microsurgical technique, and monitoring of multiple cranial nerves during resection.
headache	gentiana veitchiorum hemsl., gentianaceae, a traditional tibetan medicine, was used for the treatment of liver jaundice with damp-heat pathogen, as well as for headache and chronic pharyngitis. a rapidultra-performance liquid chromatography, photodiode array detector, quadrupole time-of-flight mass spectrometry method was developed for the fast and accurate identification and quantification of the chemical constituents of g. veitchiorum. in fact, eighteen compounds were detected and identified on the basis of their mass spectra, fragment characteristics and comparison with published data. especially, the ms fragmentation pathways of iridoid glycosides and flavone c-glycosides were illustrated. five compounds among them were quantified by uhplc-pda, including swertiamarin, gentiopicroside, sweroside, isoorientin, and isovitexin. the proposed method was then validated based on the analyses of linearity, accuracy, precision, and recovery. the overall recoveries for the five analytes ranged from 96.54% to 100.81%, with rsd from 1.05% to 1.82%. in addition, ten batches of g. veitchiorum from different areas were also analyzed. the developed method was rapid and reliable for both identification and quantification of the chemical constituents of g. veitchiorum, especially for simultaneous qualitative and quantitative analysis of iridoid glycosides and flavone c-glycosides. (c) 2016 sociedade brasileira de farmacognosia. published by elsevier editora ltda.
headache	background: patients with sickle cell disease (scd) may experience many complications of the central nervous system (cns) including stroke, silent cerebral infarcts, and neuropsychological deficits. cranial epidural hematoma is a rare but potentially serious complication. procedure: case series of cranial epidural hematomas in children with scd from three different institutions is considered, along with a literature review of cranial epidural hematomas in this population. results: seven children with scd with cranial epidural hematomas were identified from three different institutions. all patients were male and the age at presentation ranged from 10 to 18 years. two patients presented with headache (28.6%), while the rest had no neurologic symptoms at presentation. four patients required urgent neurosurgical intervention (57.1%) and one patient died (14.3%). a literature review identified 18 additional cases of cranial epidural hematomas in children with scd. of these, treatment ranged from supportive care to neurosurgical intervention. twelve patients completely recovered (66.7%), one patient had long-term cognitive impairment (5.6%), and four patients died (22.2%). combined with our data, cranial epidural hematomas have a mortality rate of 20.0%. conclusions: although rare, cranial epidural hematoma can be fatal and should be considered in patients with acute neurological symptoms.
headache	background: three successive editions of the international classification of headache disorders and multiple guideline papers on headache care have described evidence based diagnosis and treatment of headache disorders. it remains unknown, however, to which extent this has improved the diagnosis and management of headache. that was the aim of our study in which we also analysed differences between three social groups in russia. methods: we studied 1042 students (719 females, 323 males, mean age 20.6, age range 17-40), 1075 workers (146 females, 929 males, mean age 40.4, age range 21-67) and 1007 blood donors (484 females, 523 males, mean age 34.1, age range 18-64). we conducted a semi-structured, validated, face-to-face professional interview. data on prevalence and associated factors have previously been published. a section of the interview focused on previous diagnosis and treatment, the topic of this paper. results: only 496 of 2110 participants (23%) with headache in russia had consulted because of headache. students consulted more frequently (35%), workers and blood donors less often (13% and 14%). only 12% of the patients with ichd-3beta diagnosis of migraine and 11.7% with ichd-3beta diagnosis of tension-type headache (tth) had previously been correctly diagnosed. triptans were used by only 6% of migraine patients. only 0.4% of migraine patients and no tth patients had received prophylactic treatment. conclusion: despite existing guidelines about diagnosis and treatment, both remain poor in russia. according to the literature this is only slightly better in europe and america. dissemination of existing knowledge should have higher priority in the future.
headache	background migraine is a prevalent disorder characterised by recurrent headache attacks preceded or accompanied by aura in a subgroup of patients. migraine often occurs together with major depressive disorder (mdd). alterations of adipokine levels have been reported both in migraine and in mdd. in this cross-sectional study, we aimed to assess the associations between serum leptin and adiponectin levels and migraine or migraine subtypes. analyses were adjusted for a lifetime history of mdd in order to investigate the association between adipokines and migraine under consideration of depression status. methods we included 3025 participants from the colaus/psycolaus study. the impact of leptin and adiponectin levels on a diagnosis of migraine was analysed by binary regression analyses, adjusting for variables known to influence adipokine levels. subgroup analyses were conducted based on the presence of aura. results crude leptin levels were significantly higher in subjects with migraine than controls (mann-whitney u=515,102, p=6x10(-7)). when performing adjusted analyses, leptin levels were found to be significantly higher in subjects with migraine (odds ratio=1.22, p=0.024) and migraine with aura (odds ratio=1.34, p=0.004). conclusion high leptin levels might play a role in the pathogenesis of migraine and migraine with aura.
headache	daclatasvir (dcv) is a potent, pangenotypic, hepatitis c virus (hcv) non-structural protein 5a inhibitor with low potential for drug interactions with antiretroviral therapy (art). we evaluated the safety and efficacy of dcv plus peginterferon alfa-2a/ribavirin (pegifn/rbv) in hiv-1/hcv genotype-1-coinfected patients. ai444043 (nct01471574), an open-label, phase iii, single-arm, response-guided treatment (rgt) study included 301 patients. they received dcv doses of 30, 60 or 90 mg once daily (depending on concomitant art), plus weight-based rbv (< 75 kg, 1000 mg/day; or ae75 kg, 1200 mg/day), and once-weekly pegifn 180 mu g, for 24 weeks. if required by rgt, pegifn/rbv without dcv was extended for an additional 24 weeks of therapy. the primary endpoint was the proportion of patients with sustained virologic response at post-treatment week 12 (svr12). overall, 224 (74%) patients achieved svr12 and the lower bound of the 95% confidence interval was higher than the historic svr rate with pegifn/rbv alone (70 vs. 29%). most common adverse events (aes) were fatigue, neutropenia, anemia, asthenia and headache. on-treatment serious aes occurred in 24/301 (8%) patients; 18/301 (6%) discontinued treatment due to ae. dcv + pegifn/rbv led to sustained hcv virologic response in the majority of hiv-1-hcv-coinfected patients, regardless of concomitant art. hiv control was not compromised and no new safety signals were identified. this study supports dcv use in hiv-1-hcv-coinfected patients, while allowing the vast majority of patients to remain on their existing art regimen.
headache	background: vestibular rehabilitation is the most effective treatment for dizziness due to vestibular dysfunction. given the biological relationship between vestibular symptoms and headache, headache in patients with vestibular migraine (vm) could be improved by vestibular rehabilitation that leads to the improvement of dizziness. this study aimed to compare the effects of vestibular rehabilitation on headache and other outcomes relating to dizziness, and the psychological factors in patients with vm patients, patients with dizziness and tension-type headache, and patients without headache. methods: our participants included 251 patients with dizziness comprising 28 patients with vm, 79 patients with tension-type headache, and 144 patients without headache. participants were hospitalized for 5 days and taught to conduct a vestibular rehabilitation program. they were assessed using the dizziness handicap inventory (dhi), headache impact test (hit-6), hospital anxiety and depression scale (hads), and somatosensory catastrophizing scale (sscs) and underwent center of gravity fluctuation measurement as an objective dizziness severity index before, 1 month after, and 4 months after their hospitalization. results: the vm and tension-type headache groups demonstrated a significant improvement in the hit-6 score with improvement of the dhi, hads, sscs, and a part of the objective dizziness index that also shown in patients without headache following vestibular rehabilitation. the change in hit-6 during rehabilitation in the vm group was positively correlated with changes in the dhi and anxiety in the hads. changes in the hit-6 in tension-type headache group positively correlated with changes in anxiety and sscs. conclusion: vestibular rehabilitation contributed to improvement of headache both in patients with vm and patients with dizziness and tension-type headache, in addition to improvement of dizziness and psychological factors. improvement in dizziness following vestibular rehabilitation could be associated with the improvement of headache more prominently in vm compared with comorbid tension-type headache.
headache	background: benign episodic unilateral mydriasis is one cause of anisocoria. this phenomenon is thought to be related to an imbalance between the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems. there is a documented association with migraines, but asymptomatic cases have also been reported. a challenge with all cases is the level of investigation required to exclude more sinister causes of nervous system dysfunction. in a dynamic flight environment, additional considerations need to be made, such as varying light levels and use of night vision devices. case report: a 27-yr-old woman on deployment to afghanistan as a flight nurse presented to the role one clinic with right-sided mydriasis.the patient denied headache or any history of migraines. a dilated right pupil that was reactive to light was found on exam. symptoms and exam findings resolved shortly after initial presentation. we consulted an ophthalmologist who requested patient transfer for review. he made a diagnosis of benign episodic unilateral mydriasis. discussion: there are a variety of causes for anisocoria. a thorough history and examination are required to avoid unnecessary investigations that may not be locally available in the more austere deployed military settings. from an operational perspective, the decision needs to be made regarding the maintenance of flight status. consideration needs to be given to patient care capability when treating a flight nurse. in cases of rapid resolution such as this, removal from operational status is not reasonable should a clinician be confident of the diagnosis.
headache	anterior inferior cerebellar artery (aica) aneurysms are extremely rare, accounting for only 0.75% of all intracranial aneurysms. the average age of patients suffering from those aneurysms found in the literature was 44 years, with no significant difference between the sexes. these aneurysms can manifest clinically through expansive symptoms in cerebellopontine angle or through signs and symptoms of subarachnoid hemorrhage, such as nausea, vomiting, headache, nystagmus and paresis. the gold standard exam for diagnosis is cerebral angiography. the treatment of these lesions is controversial. the main difficulty of the surgical treatment of these aneurysms is the location of the aica, which lies close to critical neurovascular structures. in this article, we describe a proximal aica aneurysm embolization without occlusion of the parent artery, with excellent results in the postoperative period.
headache	objectiveto determine whether baseline nausea or prior triptan treatment for migraine impact the effectiveness of diclofenac potassium for oral solution in treating acute migraine. backgrounda great deal of variability exists in patients' response to migraine medications. migraine-associated nausea is common and debilitating and can reduce the effectiveness of oral medications. it may cause patients to delay taking oral medications, which is known to diminish therapeutic outcomes, or to avoid taking them altogether. gastroparesis, which may be associated with nausea, also inhibits drug absorption, resulting in lower bioavailability. studies have shown that having nausea at the time of drug administration predicts a poorer response to triptan treatment. it is of interest to understand how effective other migraine medications are in patients with a poor response to triptans. methodsdata from two randomized, double-blind, placebo controlled trials were pooled and post hoc subgroup analyses were performed in patients with and without nausea at baseline, and in patients with and without prior triptan treatment. efficacy assessments included the percentage of patients who, at 2 hours postdosing, were headache pain-free (2hpf, primary endpoint), without photophobia, without phonophobia, without nausea, or without a severe degree of disability. a cochran-mantel-haenszel test, stratified by analysis center was used to evaluate treatment effect. effects of nausea or prior triptan use were determined using logistic regression with factors of treatment group, analysis center, nausea or prior triptan use at time of dosing, and interaction of treatment group by nausea or prior triptan use at time of dosing. resultsthe modified intent to treat population consisted of 1272 patients, 644 on active drug and 628 on placebo. the majority of patients (85%) were female. at the time of dosing, 783 (62%) patients reported nausea with the treated attack. prior triptan use was recorded in 570 (45%). for headache pain, nausea, photophobia, and phonophobia, patients in the active treatment group had a statistically significantly better response than those receiving placebo, regardless of whether they had nausea at baseline. in logistic regression analysis only treatment group predicted a response for these parameters with no detectable group interaction. baseline nausea, as well as treatment group, predicted whether patients recorded severe disability at 2 hours. while patients in the active treatment group were significantly more likely to be headache pain-free at 2 hours after dosing, whether or not they had previously been treated with triptan, more triptan-naive patients (30%) than triptan-experienced patients (20%) were headache pain-free. interestingly, in the placebo groups, triptan-naive patients were also more likely to be pf (14% vs 7%). in the logistic regression analysis, treatment group predicted a headache pain response, triptan use predicted a lack of response, and there was no interaction between the two. prior triptan use did not predict any of the other outcome measures. conclusionsnausea at the time of dosing does not diminish the effectiveness of diclofenac potassium for oral solution. the rapid absorption profile may enhance the effectiveness in patients with nausea. prior triptan use predicted poorer headache response at 2 hours postdose, suggesting the possibility of a subset of patients who are more likely to be refractory to both triptans and diclofenac. diclofenac potassium for oral solution is effective in triptan-naive patients but no reliable inference can be made from this study as to about how to order treatment.
overactive_bladder	introduction and hypothesisthe validity and reliability of measurement of urinary ngf as a diagnostic biomarker in women with lower urinary tract dysfunction (lutd) is uncertain. we aimed to evaluate both the diagnostic and discriminant validity, and the test-retest reliability of urinary ngf measurement in women with lutd. methodsurinary ngf was measured in women with lutd (n=205) and asymptomatic subjects (n=31). urinary ngf was assayed using an elisa method and normalized against urinary creatinine. ngf/creatinine ratios were compared between symptom subgroups using mann-whitney u test, and between different urodynamic diagnoses using the kruskal-wallis test. receiver operator characteristic (roc) analysis was employed to evaluate the diagnostic performance of urinary ngf. test-retest reliability of ngf measurement was assessed using intra-class correlation (icc). resultsurinary ngf was significantly but non-specifically increased in symptomatic patients when compared to controls (13.33 vs. 2.05ng ngf/g cr, p<0.001). on multivariate logistic regression ngf was a good predictor of patients having oab or not, however, the adjusted odds ratio only 1.006. roc analysis demonstrated poor discriminant ability between different symptomatic groups and urodynamic groups. using a cut off of 13.0ng ngf/g creatinine the test provides a sensitivity of 81%, but a specificity of only 39% for overactive bladder. the assays demonstrated good test-retest reliability with icc of 0.889. conclusionsalthough urinary ngf can be reliably assayed, and is increased in various lutds, it discriminates poorly between these disorders therefore has very limited potential as a biomarker. neurourol. urodynam. 35:944-948, 2016. (c) 2015 wiley periodicals, inc.
overactive_bladder	purpose: nocturia is common and bothersome in older adults, especially those who are also incontinent. since nocturnal polyuria is a major contributor, we examined factors associated with nocturnal polyuria in this population to identify those possibly amenable to intervention. materials and methods: we analyzed baseline data from 2 previously completed studies of urge urinary incontinence. the studies involved 284women (mean age +/- sd 72.9 +/- 7.9 years) who also completed 3-day voiding diaries. participants with a nocturnal polyuria index greater than 33% were categorized as having nocturnal polyuria (nocturnal polyuria index nocturnal urinary volume per 24hour urine volume). associations between nocturnal polyuria and various demographic, clinical and sleep related parameters were determined. results: overall 55% of the participants had nocturnal polyuria. multivariable regression analysis revealed that age, body mass index, use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor/angiotensin receptor blocker, time spent in bed and duration of first uninterrupted sleep were independent correlates of nocturnal polyuria. participants with a larger nocturnal excretion reported a shorter duration of uninterrupted sleep before first awakening to void and worse sleep quality despite spending similar time in bed. conclusions: body mass index, use of angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor/ angiotensin receptor blockers, time in bed and duration of uninterrupted sleep before first awakening to void are independently associated with nocturnal polyuria in older women with urge urinary incontinence, and are potentially modifiable. these findings also confirm the association between sleep and nocturnal polyuria. further studies should explore whether interventions to reduce nocturnal polyuria and/or increase the duration of uninterrupted sleep before first awakening to void would help to improve sleep quality in this population and thereby reduce or eliminate the need for sedative hypnotics.
overactive_bladder	to determine the efficacy of physiotherapy and behavior therapy and to find specific subgroups of women with overactive bladder syndrome that might gain increased benefit from this therapy. women with ae10 micturitions per 24-h period were included. six to nine therapy sessions were held within a 14-day interval. efficacy end point was a reduction in micturitions and in episodes of nocturia. secondary outcomes included iciq-oab, iciq-oabqol and visual analog scales. follow-up was 6 months. levene test, student 's t test, pearsona ' s and spearman 's correlations were utilized as well as the friedman test and a multivariable-multilevel model. 32 women were included. mean age was 51 +/- 15.9 (years +/- standard deviation, sd). mean body mass index (bmi) was 24.4 +/- 4.8 (kg/m(2) +/- sd). there was a 22.9% reduction in the number of micturitions per 24 h (11.7 +/- 1.6 vs. 9.0 +/- 1.3 p < 0.001), a 21.3% reduction during the day (10.3 +/- 1.4 vs. 8.1 +/- 1.1 p < 0.001) and a 34.7% reduction in episodes of nocturia (1.5 +/- 1.0 vs. 1.0 +/- 0.8 p = 0.026). both iciq-oab (8.7 +/- 2.3 vs. 5.8 +/- 2.7 vs. 6.3 +/- 3.3 p < 0.001) and iciq-oabqol (73.4 +/- 25.9 vs. 47.5 +/- 14.5 vs. 47.7 +/- 18.6 p < 0.001) questionnaires as well as vas (7.5 +/- 1.4 vs. 4.1 +/- 2.4 vs. 4.2 +/- 2.7 p < 0.001) showed significant improvement persisting in the 6-month follow-up. in addition, in a multivariable model controlling for age, women who were overactive bladder syndrome therapy na < ve responded significantly better than those who had already been under therapy (p < 0.001). this study shows the efficacy of physiotherapy and behavior therapy in women with overactive bladder syndrome with a post-therapy effect especially for women with no prior treatment.
overactive_bladder	to investigate the effect of solifenacin succinate on intraocular pressure (iop) and dry eye in patients with overactive bladder (oab). the study was conducted prospectively between october 2014 and november 2015. a total of 93 female oab patients with a mean age of 48.59 +/- 11.28 years (range 19-75 years) were evaluated. a full ophthalmic examination, including the schirmer i test and iop measurements, was conducted. solifenacin succinate (5 mg/day) was started orally. all procedures were repeated at the 4- and 12-week follow-up, and the effects and side effects were documented. no statistically significant difference was observed in iop (p = 0.282, p = 0.189) and tear secretion (p = 0.122, p = 0.071) values from the baseline (day 0) to the 12th week in oab patients using solifenacin succinate. solifenacin succinate treatment was terminated in 3 patients owing to dry eye in 1 patient, increased iop in 1 patient, and systemic side effects in 1 patient. constipation and dry mouth at various rates were the most common systemic side effects observed. solifenacin succinate is useful in eliminating oab symptoms in female patients, but can cause systemic side effects. it had no significant side effects on tear secretion (schirmer i) and iop. we concluded that solifenacin succinate could be reliably used in pure oab patients without comorbidity in terms of dry eye and iop. we believe that prospective studies with larger series are still needed to reach a definite conclusion.
overactive_bladder	moderate urinary dysfunctions including frequent urination and over reactive bladder are age-related deteriorating urinary condition and saw palmetto extract and pumpkin seed oil have been used for the prevention. in the course of evaluation of activities against urinary dysfunctions in edible fruits, we found that extract of seaberry (sbe) suppressed bladder constriction. in carbacol-induced constriction in rat bladder specimen, sbe (10 mu g/ml) significantly suppressed the constriction. sbe also suppressed tgf-beta-induced constriction of collagen gel containing bladder muscle cells. among the constituents in sbe, ursolic acid (1-100 m) and isorhamnetin 7-o-rhamunoside (10 mu m) significantly suppressed carbacol-induced bladder constriction. on the other hand, 3-o-coumaroyl 2,23-dihydroxy oleanolic acid, ursolic acid, uvaol, pomolic acid, oleanolic aldehyde and isorhamnetin 7-o-rhamnoside significantly suppressed tgf-beta-induced collagen gel constriction containing bladder muscle cells at 1 or 10 mu m. these results suggest that several triterpenoids and a flavonoid glycoside suppressed bladder constriction and sbe may contribute to suppression of urinary dysfunctions caused by overactive bladder. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
overactive_bladder	this study was conducted in order to determine the effect of the presence of urinary incontinence on sexual quality of life in women diagnosed with chronic physical diseases. the sample of the cross sectional and comparative study consisted of 67.5 % (n = 191) female inpatients with and 32.5 % (n = 92) female inpatients without urinary incontinence complaints being treated for chronic physical diseases in the internal diseases clinic of a public hospital. data was collected using the patient identification form, the international incontinence consultation questionnaire-short form and the sexual quality of life scale for women. the average score that women with urinary incontinence took from the sexual quality of life scale (61.50 +/- 19.10) was lower than the average score of women without urinary incontinence (77.19 +/- 18.75) (p < 0.01). there was a negative meaningful relationship between the frequency, amount, and effect of urinary incontinence and sexual quality of life (p < 0.05). the sexual quality of life of women who were 50 years of age and above, who had respiratory system diseases, had a duration of illness between 6 and 10 years, perceived their general health as bad, parity and gave normal birth, were in their menopausal period, and had hysterectomies was significantly lower (p < 0.05). as a result, in women with chronic physical diseases and urinary incontinence, the sexual quality of life is affected in a worse level compared to those who do not have urinary incontinence.
overactive_bladder	background: treatment of urgency urinary incontinence has focused on pharmacologically treating detrusor overactivity. recent recognition that altered perception of internal stimuli (interoception) plays a role in urgency urinary incontinence suggests that exploration of abnormalities of brain function in this disorder could lead to better understanding of urgency incontinence and its treatment. objective: we sought to: (1) evaluate the relationship between bladder filling, perceived urgency, and activation at brain sites within the interoceptive network in urgency urinary incontinence; (2) identify coactivation of other brain networks that could affect interoception during bladder filling in urgency incontinence; and (3) demonstrate interaction between these sites prior to bladder filling by evaluating their resting-state connectivity. study design: we performed an observational cohort study using functional magnetic resonance imaging to compare brain function in 53 women with urgency urinary incontinence and 20 controls. whole-brain voxelwise analyses of covariance were performed to examine differences in functional brain activation between groups during a task consisting of bladder filling, hold (static volume), and withdrawal phases. the task was performed at 3 previously established levels of baseline bladder volume, the highest exceeding strong desire to void volume. all women continuously rated their urge on a 0- to 10-point likert scale throughout the task and a mixed measures analysis of variance was used to test for differences in urge ratings. empirically derived regions of interest from analysis of activation during the task were used as seeds for examining group differences in resting-state functional connectivity. results: in both urgency urinary incontinent participants and controls, changes in urge ratings were greatest during bladder filling initiated from a high baseline bladder volume and urgency incontinent participants' rating changes were greater than controls. during this bladder-filling phase urgency incontinent participant 's activation of the interoceptive network was greater than controls, including in the left insula and the anterior and middle cingulate cortex. urgency incontinent participant 's activation was also greater than controls at sites in the ventral attention network and posterior default mode network. urgency incontinent participant 's connectivity was greater than controls between a middle cingulate seed point and the dorsal attention network, a ""top-down"" attentional network. control connectivity was greater between the midcingulate seed point and the ventral attention network, a ""bottom-up"" attentional network. conclusion: increasing urge was associated with greater urgency incontinent participant than control activation of the interoceptive network and activation in networks that are determinants of self-awareness (default mode network) and of response to unexpected external stimuli (ventral attention network). differences in connectivity between interoceptive networks and opposing attentional networks (ventral attention network vs dorsal attention network) were present even before bladder filling (in the resting state). these findings are strong evidence for a central nervous system component of urgency urinary incontinence that could be mediated by brain-directed therapies.
overactive_bladder	purpose: we investigated the efficacy of 2 alpha 1-blockers with different affinities for the alpha 1-adrenoceptor subtypes silodosin and naftopidil in the treatment of benign prostatic enlargement complicated by overactive bladder. materials and methods: this was a prospective, open label, randomized, multicenter study of 350 outpatients with untreated benign prostatic enlargement associated with urinary urgency at least once per week and an oabss (overactive bladder symptom score) of 3 or greater. patients were randomly assigned to receive silodosin 8 mg per day or naftopidil 75 mg per day. changes in parameters from baseline to 4 and 12 weeks were assessed based on i-pss (international prostate symptom score), i-pss quality of life, oabss and voiding functions measured by uroflowmetry. results: on efficacy analysis a total of 314 patients were included in the 2 groups. no significant difference in adverse effects was observed between the groups. mean i-pss and i-pss quality of life scores, and oabss significantly improved in both groups. statistically significantly greater improvement in the silodosin group than in the naftopidil group was observed in total oabss (p = 0.03), i-pss quality of life score (p = 0.005) and oabss urgency score (pa-adrenoceptor blocker.
overactive_bladder	aimcentral efferent and afferent neural pathways to and from the human urinary bladder are well-characterized, but the location and arborization of these nerves as they traverse the serosa, muscularis, and urothelial layers are not clearly defined. the purpose of this study was to create a three dimensional map of the innervation of the human bladder trigone from the extrinsic perivesical adventitial nerve trunks to the urothelium. methodsa male and a female human bladder were harvested from fresh frozen cadavers and fixed in formalin. the bladder neck and trigone region were serially sectioned (5m) and every 20th slide was stained (s100), scanned and aligned to create 3d maps. resultsnerve penetration into the detrusor muscle occurs with the highest frequency at the bladder neck and interureteric ridge. nerves traveling parallel to the bladder lumen do so in the adventitia, beyond the outer border of detrusor. in females, the depth of these nerve bands is uniform at 0.7-1.7cm below the luminal surface, the outer limits of which include the anterior vaginal wall. in the male, depth is more variable owing to detrusor hypertrophy with the minimum depth of nerves approximately 0.5cm near the interureteric ridge and over 1cm near the bladder neck. conclusionsmyelinated neural pathways traversing in the human bladder in the region of the trigone have a discreet regional density. this 3d map of trigonal innervation may provide guidance to more precisely direct therapies for urinary incontinence or pelvic pain. neurourol. urodynam. 36:1015-1019, 2017. (c) 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
overactive_bladder	purpose: to evaluate the relationship between prostatic vessel changes induced by cigarette smoking and the perioperative outcome of holmium laser enucleation of the prostate (holep). materials and methods: a total of 268 postoperative patients with benign prostatic hyperplasia (bph) were prospectively analysed in our department. they were divided into two groups (smokers and non-smokers) according to smoking history. transrectal colour doppler ultrasound was performed to evaluate the prostate vascular changes. pathologically, he staining, cd31 and cd34 were analysed in prostatic section chips. furthermore, postoperative outcomes were determined during a 6-month follow-up period. results: the preoperative prostate volume was significantly decreased in smoking patients (p = 0.04). cpi was significantly lower in smoking bph patients (p < 0.01), whereas ri was significantly increased in smokers compared with nonsmokers (p < 0.01). histological assays revealed elevated cd34 in the smoking bph individuals presenting an increased number of microvessels. the holep duration was increased in smokers. interestingly, we identified significantly increased overactive bladder syndrome score (oabss) and decreased qmax in smoking individuals during the 6-month follow-up with no difference being observed preoperatively. however, no significant difference between the groups was observed for the international prostate symptom score (ipss). conclusions: the significantly lower cpi and higher ri values in smoking bph patients indicated the presence of considerable vascular damage in these subjects. moreover, cigarette smoking extended the surgical duration and prolonged the recovery period of overactive bladder (oab) syndrome. thus, integrated treatment should be suggested for various bph individuals.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	introduction: colorectal cancer remains the second leading cause of cancer death in the united states, and new strategies to prevent, detect, and treat the disease are needed. the receptor, guanylate cyclase c (gucy2c), a tumor suppressor expressed by the intestinal epithelium, has emerged as a promising target. areas covered: this review outlines the role of gucy2c in tumorigenesis, and steps to translate gucy2c-targeting schemes to the clinic. endogenous gucy2c-activating ligands disappear early in tumorigenesis, silencing its signaling axis and enabling transformation. pre-clinical models support gucy2c ligand supplementation as a novel disease prevention paradigm. with the recent fda approval of the gucy2c ligand, linaclotide, and two more synthetic ligands in the pipeline, this strategy can be tested in human trials. in addition to primary tumor prevention, we also review immunotherapies targeting gucy2c expressed by metastatic lesions, and platforms using gucy2c as a biomarker for detection and patient staging. expert commentary: results of the first gucy2c targeting schemes in patients will become available in the coming years. the identification of gucy2c ligand loss as a requirement for colorectal tumorigenesis has the potential to change the treatment paradigm from an irreversible disease of genetic mutation, to a treatable disease of ligand insufficiency.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	backgroundsleep disturbances are well-documented among persons with irritable bowel syndrome (ibs). difficulty in falling asleep, shorter sleep time, frequent arousal and awakenings, or non-restorative sleep are the most common manifestations. sleep disturbances are also related to a higher risk of having ibs. some researchers have provided evidence of a positive association between poorer subjective sleep quality and increased severity and frequency in gastrointestinal (gi) symptoms in those with ibs. however, findings from studies using objective sleep and activity measures, such as polysomnography and actigraphy, are inconclusive. purposethis systematic review of the literature between 1990 and 2015 evaluates the evidence of sleep disturbances in adults with ibs and their relationship with gi symptoms.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	gut microbiota is the largest organ of the human body. although growth of bacteria more than 10(5) colony forming unit (cfu) per milliliter in culture of upper gut aspirate is used to diagnosis small intestinal bacterial over-growth (sibo), 10(3) cfu or more is being considered to suggest the diag-nosis, particularly if colonic type bacteria are present in the upper gut. although neither very sensitive nor specific, hydrogen breath tests are widely used to diagnose sibo. rifaximin is the best treatment for sibo due to its broad spectrum, lack of systemic absorption, and safety profile.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	background: ""gluten-related disorders"" is a term that encompasses different diseases induced by the ingestion of gluten-containing food. because of their incidence the scientific community has been intensively studying them. aim: to support gastroenterologists with a correct nomenclature and diagnostic approach to gluten related disorders in adulthood. methods: the italian association of hospital gastroenterologists and endoscopists (aigo) commissioned a panel of experts to prepare a position statement clarifying the nomenclature and diagnosis of gluten related disorders, focusing on those of gastroenterological interest. each member was assigned a task and levels of evidence/recommendation have been proposed. results: the panel identified celiac disease, wheat allergy and non-celiac gluten sensitivity as the gluten related disorders of gastroenterological interest. celiac disease has an autoimmune nature, wheat allergy is ige-mediated while the pathogenesis of non-celiac gluten sensitivity is still unknown as is the case of non-ige mediated allergy. diagnosis should start with the serological screening for celiac disease and wheat allergy. in case of normal values, the response to a gluten-free diet should be evaluated and a confirmatory blind food challenge carried out. conclusions: gluten-related disorders are clinically heterogeneous. patients should be carefully managed and specific protocols applied for a correct differential diagnosis in gastroenterological setting. (c) 2016 editrice gastroenterologica italiana s.r.l. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	background: the detection of celiac disease (cd) is suboptimal. aims: we hypothesized that misdiagnosis is leading to diagnostic delays, and examine this assertion by determining if patients have increased risk of abdominal surgery before cd diagnosis. methods: through biopsy reports from sweden 's 28 pathology departments we identified all individuals with cd (marsh stage 3; n=29,096). using hospital-based data on inpatient and outpatient surgery recorded in the swedish patient register, we compared abdominal surgery (appendectomy, laparotomy, biliary tract surgery, and uterine surgery) with that in 144,522 controls matched for age, sex, county and calendar year. conditional logistic regression estimated odds ratios (ors). results: 4064 (14.0%) individuals with cd and 15,760 (10.9%) controls had a record of earlier abdominal surgery (or = 1.36, 95% ci = 1.31-1.42). risk estimates were highest in the first year after surgery (or = 2.00; 95% ci = 1.79-2.22). appendectomy, laparotomy, biliary tract surgery, and uterine surgery were all associated with having a later cd diagnosis. of note, abdominal surgery was also more common after cd diagnosis (hazard ratio =1.34; 95% ci = 1.29-1.39). conclusions: there is an increased risk of abdominal surgery both before and after cd diagnosis. surgical complications associated with cd may best explain these outcomes. medical nihilism and lack of cd awareness may be contributing to outcomes. (c) 2016 editrice gastroenterologica italiana s.r.l. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	use of probiotic therapy is an active area of investigation to treat intestinal disorders. the clinical benefits of the i3.1 probiotic formula (lactobacillus plantarum (cect7484, cect7485) and p. acidilactici (cect7483)) were demonstrated in irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) patients in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. the aim of this study was to evaluate the therapeutic effects of i3.1 in two experimental models of colitis, a dextran sulfate sodium (dss)-induced colitis model and an interleukin (il)-10-deficient mice model. colitis was induced in 32 8-week-old balb/c mice by administering 3% (w/v) dss in drinking water for 5 days. probiotics were administered orally (i3.1 or vsl#3, 1 x 109 cfu daily) for 10 days before the administration of dss. also, probiotics (i3.1 or vsl# 3, 1 x 109 cfu daily) were administered orally to 36 6-week-old c57b6j il-10(-/-) mice for 10 weeks. body weight was recorded daily. colon samples were harvested for histological examination and cytokine measurements. body weight after dss administration did not change in the i3.1 group, whereas the vsl#3 group had weight loss. also, i3.1 normalized il-6 to levels similar to that of healthy controls and significantly increased the reparative histologic score. in the il-10-deficient model, both vsl# 3 and i3.1 reduced the severity of colitis compared to untreated controls, and i3.1 significantly reduced the levels of ifn-gamma compared to the other two groups. in conclusion, i3.1 displays a protective effect on two murine models of experimental colitis. results suggest that the mechanism of action could be different from vsl#3.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	microscopic colitis is a generic term that includes 2 main forms, collagenous colitis and lymphocytic colitis, and describes a form of inflammatory bowel disease with a chronic and relapsing course. the incidence of microscopic colitis is between 2 and 8 times higher in women than in men, although age, more than sex, increases the risk of collagenous colitis (odds ratio [or] 8.3 for age >= 65 vs. <65 and or 2.8 for women). the main symptom is chronic non bloody watery diarrhoea. other common symptoms include abdominal pain (50%-70%), with the result that many patients with microscopic colitis meet criteria for irritable bowel syndrome. colonoscopy with multiple colonic biopsies is currently recommended, as histological changes are the main characteristic feature. the colonic mucosa is macroscopically normal, although certain minimal endoscopic abnormalities have been described. (c) 2016 elsevier espana, s.l.u., aeeh y aeg. all rights reserved.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	objectives: to compare cumulative ionizing radiation in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) and irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) for the years 2001-2011. to study how radiation exposure change over time in patients with newly diagnosed ibd and factors associated with radiation exposure. material and methods: all radiological investigations performed between 1 january 2001 and 31 december 2011 were retrospectively recorded in patients with crohn 's disease (cd) (n=103), ulcerative colitis (uc) (n=304) and ibs (n=149). analyses were done with mann-whitney and chi-square test. results: the median total cumulative radiation exposure in msv for cd (20.0, inter quartile range (iqr) 34.8), uc (7.01, iqr 23.8), ibs (2.71, iqr 9.15) and the proportion of patients who had been exposed for more than 50 msv during the study period (cd 19%, uc 11%, ibs 3%) were significantly higher in the patients with cd compared to patients with uc (p<.001) and ibs (p<.001), respectively. in turn, patients with uc had significantly higher doses than patients with ibs (p=.005). risk factors for radiation exposure were female gender (cd), early onset (uc), ileocolonic location (cd), previous surgery (cd and uc), depression (ibs) and widespread pain (ibs). in newly diagnosed cd, there was a significant decline in median cumulative radiation dose in msv (17.2 vs. 12.0; p=.048) during the study period. conclusions: patients with cd are at greatest risk for high cumulative radiation exposure, but there is a decline in exposure during the late 2000s. non-colectomized patients with uc and patients with ibs have a relatively low risk of cumulative radiation exposure.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	the autoimmune/inflammatory syndrome induced by adjuvants (asia) is an entity that includes different autoimmune conditions observed after exposure to an adjuvant. patients with undifferentiated connective tissue disease (uctd) present many signs and symptoms of asia, alluding to the idea that an exposure to adjuvants can be a trigger also for uctd. the aim of this case-control study was to investigate exposure to adjuvants prior to disease onset in patients affected by uctd. ninety-two uctd patients and 92 age- and sex-matched controls with no malignancy, chronic infections, autoimmune disease nor family history of autoimmune diseases were investigated for exposure to adjuvants. an ad hoc-created questionnaire exploring the exposure to vaccinations, foreign materials and environmental and occupational exposures was administered to both cases and controls. autoantibodies were also analyzed (anti-nuclear, anti-extractable nuclear antigens, anti-double-stranded dna, anti-cardiolipin, anti-beta 2 glycoprotein i). uctd patients displayed a greater exposure to hbv (p = 0.018) and tetanus toxoid (p < 0.001) vaccinations, metal implants (p < 0.001), cigarette smoking (p = 0.006) and pollution due to metallurgic factories and foundries (p = 0.048) as compared to controls. uctd patients exposed to major asia triggers (vaccinations, silicone implants) (n = 49) presented more frequently with chronic fatigue (p < 0.001), general weakness (p = 0.011), irritable bowel syndrome (p = 0.033) and a family history for autoimmunity (p = 0.018) in comparison to non-exposed uctds. asia and uctd can be considered as related entities in the ""mosaic of autoimmunity"": the genetic predisposition and the environmental exposure to adjuvants elicit a common clinical phenotype characterized by signs and symptoms of systemic autoimmunity.
irritable_bowel_syndrome	objectives: the aim of the study was to systemically investigate the risk of subsequent irritable bowel syndrome (ibs) in children with antecedent allergic diseases in a population-based case-control study in taiwan. methods: we evaluated 11,242 children (age range: 7-18 years) with ibs and 44,968 age- and sex-matched control subjects who had been examined between 2000 and 2008. ibs odds ratios were calculated for children with antecedent allergic diseases, including allergic conjunctivitis, allergic rhinitis, asthma, atopic dermatitis, urticaria, and food allergy. results: children with antecedent allergic diseases had a greater risk of ibs than did control subjects (p < 0.001). among the 6 evaluated diseases, the highest adjusted odds ratio of 1.78 was observed with allergic rhinitis (95% confidence interval [ci] 1.69-1.87). with 2 or more allergic diseases, the adjusted odds ratios increased to 2.06 (95% ci, 1.93-2.19) for all subjects, 2.07 (95% ci, 1.88-2.28) for girls, and 2.18 (95% ci, 2.02-2.35) for children 12 years or older. conclusions: preschoolers with a history of allergic disease had an increased risk of subsequent ibs development upon reaching school age. this risk increased in the presence of concurrent allergic disease and a higher clinical allergy burden.
polycythemia_vera	polydatin (pd), a natural precursor of resveratrol, has a variety of biological activities, including anti-tumor effects. however, the underlying molecular mechanisms of the anti-cancer activity of pd has not been fully elucidated. the present study demonstrated that pd significantly inhibited the proliferation of the molt-4 leukemia cell line in a dose- and time-dependent manner by using cell counting kit-8 assay. pd also dose-dependently increased the apoptotic rate and caused cell cycle arrest in s phase in molt-4 cells, as revealed by flow cytometry. in addition, pd dose-dependently decreased the mitochondrial membrane potential and led to the generation of reactive oxygen species in molt-4 cells. western blot analysis revealed that the expression of anti-apoptotic protein b-cell lymphoma 2 ( bcl-2) was decreased, whereas that of pro-apoptotic protein bcl-2-associated x was increased by pd. furthermore, the expression of two cell cycle regulatory proteins, cyclin d1 and cyclin b1, was suppressed by pd. of note, the pro-apoptotic and cell cycle-inhibitory effects of pd were potentiated by janus kinase (jak2) inhibition. in conclusion, the results of the present study strongly suggested that pd is a promising therapeutic compound for the treatment of leukemia, particularly in combination with jak inhibitors.
polycythemia_vera	chronic myelomonocytic leukemia (cmml) is a unique disease entity with overlap components of both myelodysplastic syndrome and myeloproliferative neoplasms. cmml is a clonal hematopoietic stem cell neoplasm characterized by monocytosis, cytopenias, and extramedullary manifestations such as splenomegaly. the disease is rare and has undergone revisions in its classification. we review the recent classification strategies as well as diagnostic criteria, focusing on the new insights into the genetic alterations and unique pathophysiology of the disease. we also discuss the latest molecular characterization of the disease, including how molecular factors affect current prognostic models. finally, we focus on available treatment strategies, with a special emphasis on experimental and forthcoming therapies. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polycythemia_vera	although bcr-abl negative myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpn) - and especially myelofibrosis (mf) - are recognized to be associated with autoimmune phenomena, immune derangements in mpn have been much less studied. myeloid -derived suppressor cells (mdsc) are one type of important immune modulator cell. therefore, we studied mdscs in mpn disease. mdscs were studied in two cohorts: the first cohort was 55 patients including 16 primary myelofibrosis (pmf), 7 post-polycythemia vera (pv)mf, 2 post-essential thrombocythemia (et)-mf, 11 et, 17 pv, 2 undefined mpn disorder, and 23 normal controls; the second cohort included 38 patients: 17 et, 7 pmf, 3 et-mf, 2 pv-mf, 9 pv patients, and 20 normal volunteers. the second cohort was studied using freshly collected specimens and a comparable age group as controls. cd11b(+), cd14(-), and cd33(+) cells were defined as mdscs in both cohorts by flow cytometry. since there are no differences in mdsc levels among different mpn categories, they were grouped as mpns. the results showed that mdscs were significantly elevated in mpns compared with controls in both cohorts. we also performed rt-pcr and found that mpn patients have significantly elevated arginase-1 mrna compared with controls, and sorted mdscs were found to have suppressor t cell activity in mpns, substantiating the hypothesis that levels of mdscs are, in fact, deranged in mpns. mdsc levels were not correlated with jak2 status, white blood cells, hb levels, platelet counts, splenomegaly, or the degree of bone marrow fibrosis (in mf). further studies in immune therapy involving mdsc inhibitors or differentiation may be developed to treat mpn disease. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
polycythemia_vera	we describe 2 cases of skeletal ""superscan"" with f-18-choline pet/ct in prostate cancer (pca) patients. both cases demonstrated diffuse skeletal involvement besides their primary prostate tumor. the first impression was that this presentation would be related to diffuse tumoral skeletal invasion by pca as often seen in tc-99m-mdp bone scintigraphy. in both cases, the bone involvement was shown to be caused by hematological disease (polycythemia vera and chronic myelomonocytic leukemia), demonstrating the importance of also considering the presence of myeloproliferative syndromes when presented with diffuse bone disease on choline pet/ct performed in pca patients.
polycythemia_vera	the discovery of jak2 v617f mutation in the mid-2000s started to fill the gap between clinical presentation of polycythemia vera (pv), first described by vaquez at the end of the 19th century, and spontaneous erythroid colony formation, reported by prchal and axelrad in the mid-1970s. the knowledge on this mutation brought an important insight to our understanding of pv pathogenesis and led to a revision of the world health organization diagnostic criteria in 2008. jak-stat is a major signaling pathway implicated in survival and proliferation of hematopoietic precursors. high prevalence of jak2 v617f mutation among myeloproliferative neoplasms (>95% in pv and similar to 50% in primary myelofibrosis and essential thrombocythemia) together with its role in constitutively activating jak-stat made jak2 a privileged therapeutic target. ruxolitinib, a jak 1 and 2 inhibitor, has already proven to be efficient in relieving symptoms in primary myelofibrosis and pv. in the latter, it also appears to improve microvascular involvement. however, evidence regarding its potential role in altering the natural course of pv and its use as an adjunct to current standard therapies is sparse. therapeutic advances are needed in pv as phlebotomy, low-dose aspirin, cytoreductive agents, and interferon alpha are the only therapeutic tools available at the moment to influence outcome. even though several questions are still unanswered, this review aims to serve as an overview article of the potential role of ruxolitinib in pv according to current literature and expert opinion. it should help hematologists to visualize the place of this tyrosine kinase inhibitor in the field of current practice and offer criteria for a careful patient selection.
polycythemia_vera	red blood cells play a key role in normal hemostasis and thrombosis. their ability to affect coagulation is multifactorial and depends on their mechanical properties affecting viscosity and blood flow, ability to aggregate and adhere to each other and potentially to vascular endothelium, molecular signaling via microvesicles and surface proteins, including blood group antigens, and participation in nitric oxide metabolism. transfused red blood cells suffer from a storage lesion that damages the cells leading to changes in shape, function, and intracellular communication. in this article, we review if and how transfused red blood cells may lead to both increased hemorrhage and increased thrombosis.
polycythemia_vera	purpose of review venous thromboembolism is frequent in chronic myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpn). the current strategy for its management includes cytoreductive therapy and antithrombotic prophylaxis, but many issues remain uncertain. in this review, the risk factors and prevention of recurrences will be discussed. recent findings around one-third of patients with polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia experience a major thrombosis at diagnosis or during follow-up. according to the european leukemia net guidelines, these patients must be included in the high-risk group for thrombotic recurrence and should be treated with cytoreduction and antiplatelet or anticoagulant drugs in the presence of arterial or venous thrombosis, respectively. despite this treatment, the annual incidence of recurrence after the first venous thrombosis varies from 4.2 to 6.5% on vitamin k-antagonists and is doubled after discontinuation. the highest incidence of recurrence occurs after cerebral and hepatic vein thrombosis (8.8 and 8 per 100 pt-years, respectively). the occurrence of major bleeding on vitamin k-antagonists is similar to a non-mpn population and accounts for a rate of 1.8-2.4 per 100 pt-years. summary after venous thrombosis, the incidence of recurrence in mpn remains elevated, which suggested there was a need to review the current recommendations of primary and secondary prophylaxis.
polycythemia_vera	objective: in an era of controversy in regard to 'hydroxyurea-leukaemogenicity' and when interferon-alfa2 (ifn) is being revived in the treatment of philadelphia-negative myeloproliferative neoplasms (mpns), we aim in this single-centre observational study to describe the frequencies of second malignancies in a cohort of mpn patients treated with hydroxyurea (hu) or ifn monotherapy or the combination of these agents. patients and methods: records of a mpn cohort of 196 patients were reviewed, and a retrospective analysis was performed on 90 patients treated with hu, 38 patients treated with ifn and 68 patients treated with both ifn and hu. logistic regression was used to compare frequencies in second malignancies. results: patients treated with hu had a significantly higher risk of developing all second malignancies compared with patients treated with ifn [hu vs. ifn: or of 4.01 (95% ci: 1.12-14.27, pvalue: 0.023) and hu-ifn vs. ifn: or 5.58 (95% ci: 1.55-20.15, p-value: 0.004)]. conclusion: we have found an increased risk of second malignancies in mpn patients treated with hu compared with patients treated with ifn.
polycythemia_vera	chromosomal abnormalities at 14q11, which encodes the t-cell receptor alpha and delta chain genes, are generally specific for t-cell malignancies, and are rarely reported in other malignancies. we report a novel t(11;14)(p13;q11.2) in a patient with myelofibrosis (mf) following polycythemia vera (pv). this 55-year-old male developed post-pv mf 12 years after the initial diagnosis of pv. he had a normal karyotype at polycythemic disease stage, t(11;14)(p13;q11.2) was newly detected at the time of fibrotic transformation. therefore, it is likely that this clonal chromosomal abnormality was associated with progression of disease.
polycythemia_vera	besides genetic abnormalities in mpn patients, several studies have reported alterations in protein expression that could contribute towards the clinical phenotype. however, little is known about protein modifications in ph- mpn erythrocytes. in this context, we used a quantitative mass spectrometry proteomics approach to study the mpn erythrocyte proteome. lc-ms/ms (ltq orbitrap) analysis led to the identification of 51 and 86 overexpressed proteins in polycythemia vera and essential thrombocythemia respectively, compared with controls. functional comparison using pathway analysis software showed that the rho gtpase family signaling pathways were deregulated in mpn patients. in particular, iqgap1 was significantly overexpressed in mpns compared with controls. additionally, western-blot analysis not only confirmed iqgap1 overexpression, but also showed that iqgap1 levels depended on the patient 's genotype. moreover, we found that in jak2v617f patients iqgap1 could bind rhoa, rac1 and cdc42 and consequently recruit activated gtp-rac1 and the cytoskeleton motility protein pak1. in calr( +) patients, iqgap1 was not overexpressed but immunoprecipitated with rhogdi. in jak2v617f transduced ba/f3 cells we confirmed jak2 inhibitor-sensitive overexpression of iqgap1/pak1. altogether, our data demonstrated alterations of iqgap1/rho gtpase signaling in mpn erythrocytes dependent on jaic2/calr status, reinforcing the hypothesis that modifications in erythrocyte signaling pathways participate in ph- mpn pathogenesis. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
atrial_fibrillation	atrial fibrillation (af) is an increasing burden worldwide. however, af prevention has not been emphasized enough in clinical practice or guidelines. in this paper, the authors review the associations of modifiable lifestyle factors, including alcohol abuse, smoking, physical inactivity, and unhealthy psychological stress, with the risk for af development. the authors also review the associations of cardiovascular risk factors that can be bettermanaged, including obesity and overweight, high blood pressure, diabetes, dyslipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, and other cardiovascular diseases, with the risk for af. the conclusion is that a high proportion of af can be prevented by combining strategies, focusing on the high-risk population for better risk factor management, and emphasizing healthy lifestyle choices in the whole population. (j am coll cardiol 2017; 69: 1968-82) (c) 2017 published by elsevier on behalf of the american college of cardiology foundation.
atrial_fibrillation	background: direct oral anticoagulants (doacs) share many indications with warfarin but require less frequent follow-up and monitoring. there is limited data available on the prescribing of doacs and appropriate laboratory monitoring in a real-world clinical setting. objective: to determine if patients receiving care at 2 university of florida (uf) health internal medicine clinics are prescribed doacs according to food and drug administration (fda)-approved labeling. secondary objectives were to determine the percentage of patients receiving appropriate baseline laboratory tests prior to doac initiation and the frequency of laboratory monitoring. methods: this retrospective chart review evaluated patients enrolled at 2 uf health internal medicine practices within the uf health system who were prescribed a doac between april 2014 and april 2015. adherence to fda-approved dosing recommendations and baseline laboratory tests were compared to previously published data. this study was approved by the uf institutional review board. results: a total of 194 patients met inclusion criteria. ninety-six patients (49.5%) were on a doac prior to data collection; 98 patients (50.5%) started a doac during data collection. of the 194 patients, 155 (79.9%) were prescribed doacs per fda-approved labeling (p = .0005); 79 (40.8%) obtained a complete blood count, serum creatinine, and liver function tests prior to doac initiation. conclusions: prescribing practices were significantly better than published data; however, 1 in 5 patients were not prescribed a doac according to fda-approved labeling. less than half of the patients started on a doac obtained the recommended labs prior to medication initiation.
atrial_fibrillation	background: efficacy of catheter ablation (ca) of asymptomatic persistent atrial fibrillation (af) remains unclear. we assessed the quality of life (qol), exercise performance (ep), and plasma b-type natriuretic peptide (bnp) levels following ca in patients with asymptomatic af. methods and results: we enrolled 34 patients with asymptomatic persistent af. qol, was assessed by 2 questionnaires: the short form-36 (sf-36) and a qol questionnaire specific for af (afqlq). the qol, ep, and plasma bnp level were examined before and 6 months after ca. in the sf-36 survey 5 of 8 components and all 3 subsets of the afqlq significantly improved in the patients without recurrences (30 patients, 88%), but there were no differences in those with recurrences. in patients without recurrences, there was an increase in the metabolic equivalents of task (10.2 +/- 2.3 vs. 11.6 +/- 2.3 mets, p< 0.0001), duration of maximal exercise (476 +/- 144 vs. 605 +/- 143 s, p< 0.0001), and plasma bnp decrease (146.6 +/- 124.3 vs. 33.8 +/- 35.6 pg/dl, p< 0.0001), with a linear correlation in the increased duration of exercise and plasma bnp decrease (r= 0.620, p< 0.0001). conclusions: maintenance of sinus rhythm after successful ca improved the qol, ep, and plasma bnp level in patients with asymptomatic persistent af. ca may be primarily applicable in such patients with previously unrecognized impairment in their qol and ep.
atrial_fibrillation	background there is a paucity of evidence regarding the effects of non-vitamin k antagonist oral anticoagulants (noacs) in underweight patients with atrial fibrillation (af). objective the purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of noacs in underweight af patients. methods we analyzed 1353 af patients who were prescribed noacs according to their body mass index (bmi): underweight (uw: n = 62, bmi25.0 kg/m2). we analyzed the association between clinical outcomes and bmi. results during the median 7 months (interquartile range 3-10 months) of follow-up, there were 29 major bleeding events, 11 thromboembolic events, and 15 deaths. the risks of major bleeding and all-cause death were significantly higher in the uw group compared to the nw group (adjusted hazard ratio [hr] 4.135, 950/0 confidence interval [ci] 1.442-11.854, p =.008; adjusted hr 10.524, 95% ci 2.949-37.561, p < .001) and the ow group (adjusted hr 5.352, 95% ci 1.597-17.935, p = .007; adjusted hr 11.385, 95% ci 2.523-51.386, p = .002). however, there was no significant difference in the risk of thromboembolism among these groups. conclusion in af patients taking noacs, being underweight was associated with an increased risk of major bleeding and all-cause death compared with being normal weight or overweight to obese, whereas the risk of thromboembolism was not different. dose reduction should be considered in underweight patients who are at high risk for bleeding.
atrial_fibrillation	purpose of review transcatheter aortic valve replacement (tavr) has developed into an important alternative to surgical aortic valve replacement (savr) for patients with severe aortic stenosis (as). adjuvant antithrombotic therapies are commonly used during and after tavr to decrease the risk of valve thrombosis and thromboembolic cerebrovascular events (cves) but consequently increase the risk of bleeding. this article reviews the past and current clinical data regarding adjuvant antithrombotic therapies in tavr. recent findings cerebrovascular and bleeding events during and after tavr are associated with substantial morbidity and mortality. bivalirudin, a direct thrombin inhibitor, has been shown to be safe alternative to unfractionated heparin (ufh) as procedural anticoagulation during tavr; however, sparse evidence exists to guide use of antiplatelet and anticoagulant therapies in patients after tavr. multiple studies comparing different antithrombotic regimens in the post-tavr setting are currently underway. summary current guidelines recommend intra-procedural anticoagulation with ufh for during tavr and with dual antiplatelet therapy (dapt) after tavr. there is a need to better understand the role of adjuvant antithrombotic therapies in tavr. the results of ongoing studies are needed to develop evidence-based guidance for the use of adjuvant antithrombotic therapies after tavr.
atrial_fibrillation	background-the activation pattern of localized reentry (lr) in atrial tachycardia remains incompletely understood. we used the ultra-high density rhythmia mapping system to study activation patterns in lr. methods and results-lr was suggested by small rotatory activations (carousels) containing the full spectrum of the colorcoded map. twenty-three left-sided atrial tachycardias were mapped in 15 patients (age: 64 +/- 11 years). 16 253 +/- 9192 points were displayed per map, collected over 26 +/- 14 minutes. a total of 50 carousels were identified (median 2; quartiles 1-3 per map), although this represented lr in only n=7 out of 50 (14%): here, rotation occurred around a small area of scar (< 0.03 mv; 12 +/- 6 mm diameter). in lr, electrograms along the carousel encompassed the full tachycardia cycle length, and surrounding activation moved away from the carousel in all directions. ablating fractionated electrograms (117 +/- 18 ms; 44 +/- 13% of tachycardia cycle length) within the carousel interrupted the tachycardia in every lr case. all remaining carousels were pseudo-reentrant (n=43/50 [86%]) occurring in areas of wavefront collision (n=21; median 0.5; quartiles 0-2 per map) or as artifact because of annotation of noise or interpolation in areas of incomplete mapping (n=22; median 1, quartiles 0-2 per map). pseudo-reentrant carousels were incorrectly ablated in 5 cases having been misinterpreted as lr. conclusions-the activation pattern of lr is of small stable rotational activations (carousels), and this drove 30% (7/23) of our postablation atrial tachycardias. however, this appearance is most often pseudo-reentrant and must be differentiated by interpretation of electrograms in the candidate circuit and activation in the wider surrounding region.
atrial_fibrillation	background: we evaluated the outcomes of totally endoscopic minimally invasive surgery for atrial septal defect (asd) using a glutaraldehyde-treated autologous pericardial patch in the transcatheter interventional era. methods and results: we retrospectively reviewed 37 consecutive patients who underwent totally endoscopic asd closure with a glutaraldehyde-treated autologous pericardial patch between june 2011 and april 2015. all patients had been deferred from catheter-based intervention for clinical or anatomical reasons. we analyzed operative outcomes and postoperative echocardiographic data. the mean age was 45.7 16.5 years, and 25 patients (67.6%) were women. the mean ratio of pulmonary to systemic flow was 2.4 0.7. six patients (16.2%) underwent concomitant tricuspid valve repair, and 3 patients (8.1%) underwent concomitant atrial fibrillation surgery. there were no operative deaths, and the median length of hospital stay was 5 days. postoperative echocardiography revealed trivial residual shunt in 1 patient. during the follow-up period, there were no re-interventions for asd or readmission for heart failure. follow-up echocardiography revealed no recurrent shunt or calcification of the autologous pericardial patch. conclusions: totally endoscopic asd closure with a glutaraldehyde-treated autologous pericardial patch demonstrated excellent outcomes. it is a useful option for patients with unfavorable anatomy or other reasons excluding transcatheter intervention.
atrial_fibrillation	in clinical practice, low-molecular-weight heparins are used relatively frequently in patients with atrial fibrillation to prevent embolic events. in this article, it is revised the available evidence in the following clinical situations: rapid onset of anticoagulation, bridging therapy (replacing long-term oral anticoagulant therapy around an invasive procedure) and transesophageal echocardiography-guided cardioversion. (c) 2016 elsevier espana, s.l.u. and sociedad espanola de medicina interna (semi). all rights reserved.
atrial_fibrillation	introduction: atrial fibrillation (af) is a cardiac arrhythmia caused by various mechanisms, such as multiple reentering wavelets, high frequency activity, and rotor sources. evidence acquisition: this narrative review was based on papers found on pubmed and medline up to may 2016. the search terms were ""atrial fibrillation"" in combination with ""catheter ablation, pathophysiology, antiarrhythmic drugs"". evidence synthesis: antiarrhythmic drugs are the cornerstone of therapy in af, but their efficacy and safety might have to be improved. in case of failure of pharmacologic therapies, other treatments can be considered. a better understanding of the important role of the pulmonary veins has led to new approaches, such as ablation procedures, which were initially only surgical, while percutaneous options were later added. however, these strategies may present various technical complications also when performed by skilled operators. a promising field of investigation is the genetics of af, as highlighted by studies on the role of micro-rna. conclusions: relevant improvement on the knowledge of the electrophysiological basis of genesis and maintenance of af has been done in order to treat a very common arrhythmia, but further studies, as those in the genetics field, can open new challenging therapeutic horizons.
atrial_fibrillation	background: we hypothesized that survival in implantable cardioverter defibrillator (icd) and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (crt-d) patients is predicted by baseline heart rate score. methods: heart rate score is determined from the atrial paced and sensed histogram of a ddd icd or crt-d, and defined as percent of beats in the histogram in the tallest 10 beats/min range bin. it was calculated at initial remote monitoring for patients enrolled in latitude (r) without persistent atrial fibrillation, and with pulse generators implanted in 2006-2011. univariate, multivariate, and kaplan-meier analyses determined the impact of heart rate score on survival. results: of 57,893 icds and 67,929 crt-ds followed for 2.4 +/- 1.5 years, each 10% increase in heart rate score was associated with decreased survival (crt-d hazard ratio [hr] 1.07 95%, confidence interval 1.06-1.07, p < 0.0001; icd hr 1.05, 95% confidence interval 1.04-1.06, p70%. conclusion: a simple device histogram measure, heart rate score, predicts survival in icd and crtd patients independent of the available variables, and even when sdann is unavailable.
smoking_cessation	electronic cigarettes (ecigs) use electricity to power a heating element that aerosolizes a liquid containing solvents, flavorants, and the dependence-producing drug nicotine for user inhalation. ecigs have evolved rapidly in the past 8 years, and the changes in product design and liquid constituents affect the resulting toxicant yield in the aerosol and delivery to the user. this rapid evolution has been accompanied by dramatic increases in ecig use prevalence in many countries among adults and, especially, adolescents in the united states. the increased prevalence of ecigs that deliver nicotine and other toxicants to users' lungs drives a rapidly growing research effort. this review highlights the most recent information regarding the design of ecigs and their liquid and aerosol constituents, the epidemiology of ecig use among adolescents and adults (including correlates of ecig use), and preclinical and clinical research regarding ecig effects. the current literature suggests a strong rationale for an empirical regulatory approach toward ecigs that balances any potential ecig-mediated decreases in health risks for smokers who use them as substitutes for tobacco cigarettes against any increased risks for nonsmokers who may be attracted to them.
smoking_cessation	objective: interventions are required to redress the disproportionate tobacco-related health burden experienced by persons with a mental illness. this study aimed to assess the efficacy of a universal smoking cessation intervention initiated within an acute psychiatric inpatient setting and continued post-discharge in reducing smoking prevalence and increasing quitting behaviours. method: a randomised controlled trial was undertaken across four psychiatric inpatient facilities in australia. participants (n = 754) were randomised to receive either usual care (n = 375) or an intervention comprising a brief motivational interview and self-help material while in hospital, followed by a 4-month pharmacological and psychosocial intervention (n=379) upon discharge. primary outcomes assessed at 6 and 12 months post-discharge were 7-day point prevalence and 1-month prolonged smoking abstinence. a number of secondary smoking-related outcomes were also assessed. subgroup analyses were conducted based on psychiatric diagnosis, baseline readiness to quit and nicotine dependence. results: seven-day point prevalence abstinence was higher for intervention participants (15.8%) than controls (9.3%) at 6 months post-discharge (odds ratio= 1.07, p=0.04), but not at 12 months (13.4% and 10.0%, respectively; odds ratio = 1.03, p = 0.25). significant intervention effects were not found on measures of prolonged abstinence at either 6 or 12 months post-discharge. differential intervention effects for the primary outcomes were not detected for any subgroups. at both 6 and 12 months post-discharge, intervention group participants were significantly more likely to smoke fewer cigarettes per day, have reduced cigarette consumption by and to have made at least one quit attempt, relative to controls. conclusions: universal smoking cessation treatment initiated in inpatient psychiatry and continued post-discharge was efficacious in increasing 7-day point prevalence smoking cessation rates and related quitting behaviours at 6 months post discharge, with sustained effects on quitting behaviour at 12 months. further research is required to identify strategies for achieving longer term smoking cessation.
smoking_cessation	several studies and meta-analyses have demonstrated the efficacy of combination nicotine replacement therapy (nrt) for patients who wish to quit smoking. however, there is limited guidance with respect to initiation and tapering of combination nrt. weattempt to review the evidence and rationale behind combination nrt, present the dosing used in combination nrt studies, and propose a step-down approach for tapering of combination nrt with integration of behavioral strategies. (c) 2017 published by elsevier inc.
smoking_cessation	purpose. evaluate the perceived effectiveness of key antismoking messages among highly disadvantaged smokers and assess the impact of nicotine dependence and cessation cognitions on message processing. design. the experimental crossover trial, undertaken between march and december 2012, randomly exposed participants to two of three antismoking advertisements delivered via touchscreen computer. setting. welfare recipients were recruited from a community service organization in new south wales, australia. subjects. subjects were 354 smokers (79% response rate). participants resided in government rental housing (52%), earned less than aud$400/wk (72%), and received their primary income from government welfare (95%). intervention. three 30-second antismoking television advertisements representing common campaign themes: why to quit (graphic imagery), why to quit (personal testimonial), or how to quit. measures. an 11-item scale assessed perceived effectiveness and message acceptance. an eight-item cessation cognitions index assessed motivations and readiness to quit, and the heaviness of smoking index was used to classify nicotine dependence. analysis. descriptive statistics, generalized linear mixed models, and multiple linear regression analyses are reported. results. why-to-quit advertisements were perceived as significantly more effective than the how-to-quit advertisement (all p < .0001). smokers with positive cessation cognitions were more likely to accept antismoking messages (p = .0003) and perceive them as effective (p < .0001). nicotine dependence level did not influence message acceptance (p = .7322) or effectiveness (p = .8872). conclusion. highly emotive advertisements providing good reasons to quit may be the most effective in promoting the antismoking message among groups with high smoking rates.
smoking_cessation	perinatal smoking is associated with a wide range of negative reproductive and pregnancy outcomes. the aim of the current study was to examine the prevalence and characteristics of women who report smoking prenatally and quit during pregnancy in a large sample of romanian women. understanding which women are more likely to quit will contribute to public health knowledge that will help more women stop smoking prior to or during pregnancy and prevent relapse postpartum. this cross-sectional analysis was conducted based on cross-sectional data collected between may 2012 and april 2015 as part of a cohort study of pregnancy implemented in six clinical settings in central romania (n = 2370). approximately 28 % of the sample reported smoking in the 6 months prior to learning they were pregnant. half of the women who reported smoking 6 months before learning of their pregnancy, also reported that they stopped smoking by the time of the interview. overall, tobacco consumption decreased from a sample mode of 10 cigarettes/day (range: 1-30) before pregnancy, to a sample mode of 5 cigarettes/day (range: 1-25) at the time of the interview. women who quit had a higher socioeconomic position, were more likely to live in urban areas, partnered, primigravid, nulliparous, and reported lower anxiety and more social support. the combination of a socioeconomic gradient, less anxiety, and more social support suggests that efforts should be increased to target lower income, less educated, multigravid, and multiparous women and to develop programs that heighten social support and alleviate anxiety.
smoking_cessation	objectives: people living with a psychotic illness have higher rates of cigarette smoking and face unique barriers to quitting compared to the general population. we examined whether self-reported reasons for smoking are useful predictors of successful quit attempts among people with psychosis. methods: as part of a randomized controlled trial addressing smoking and cardiovascular disease risk behaviors among people with psychosis, self-reported reasons for smoking were assessed at baseline (n = 235), 15 weeks (n = 151), and 12 months (n = 139). three factors from the reasons for smoking questionnaire (coping, physiological, and stimulation/activation) were entered into a model to predict short-and long-term abstinence. the relationship between these factors and mental health symptoms were also assessed. results: participants scoring higher on the stimulation/activation factor (control of weight, enjoyment, concentration, and ""peps me up"") at baseline were just less than half as likely to be abstinent at 15 weeks. female participants were five times more likely to abstinent at 15 weeks, and those with a higher global functioning at baseline were 5% more likely to be abstinent. there was a positive correlation between changes over time in the stimulation/activation factor from baseline to 12-month follow-up and the brief psychiatric rating scale total score at 12-month follow-up. this indicates that increasingly higher endorsement of the factor was associated with more psychological symptoms. there was also a negative correlation between the change over time in the stimulation/activation factor and global functioning at 12 months, indicating that increasingly higher endorsement of the factor led to lower global assessment of functioning. conclusions: the stimulation/activation factor may be particularly important to assess and address among smokers with psychosis. it is recommended that further research use the reasons for smoking questionnaire among smokers with psychosis as a clinical tool to identify specific quit barriers. further research into why females have higher smoking cessation rates in the short term and relapse prevention interventions seem worthy of further investigation.
smoking_cessation	nicotin replacement therapy (nrt) has been the preferred first option in smoking cessation treatment for many years. nrt reduces both the desire to smoke and the withdrawal symptoms. nicotine gum addiction may rarely develop during nrt. in this study, we present a case who became addicted to nicotine gum for 18 years, was admitted to the smoking cessation polyclinic, and treated with bupropion. the aim of this case study is to highlight that bupropion is also an effective option to treat nicotine gum addiction, a rarely seen occurrence.
smoking_cessation	purpose. to assess the feasibility, acceptability, and efficacy of a text message-based smoking cessation intervention in china. design. study design was a randomized control trial with a 6-month follow-up assessment of smoking status. setting. zhejiang, heilongjiang, and shaanxi provinces in china provided the study setting. subjects. a total of 8000 adult smokers in china who used nokia life tools and participated in phase 2 (smoking education via text message) of the study were included. intervention. the high-frequency text contact (hftc) group received one to three messages daily containing smoking cessation advice, encouragement, and health education information. the low-frequency text contact (lftc) group received one weekly message with smoking health effects information. measures. our primary outcome was smoking status at 0, 1, 3, and 6 months after intervention. secondary outcomes include participant perceptions of the hftc intervention, and factors associated with smoking cessation among hftc participants. analysis. descriptive and (2) analyses were conducted to assess smoking status and acceptability. factors associated with quitting were assessed using multiple logistic regression analyses. results. quit rates were high in both the hftc and lftc groups (hftc: 0 month, 27.9%; 1 month, 30.5%; 3 months, 26.7%; and 6 months, 27.7%; lftc: 0 month, 26.7%; 1 month, 30.4%; 3 months, 28.1%; and 6 months, 27.7%), with no significant difference between the two groups in an intent-to-treat analysis. attitudes toward the hftc intervention were largely positive. conclusion. our findings suggest that a text message-based smoking cessation intervention can be successfully delivered in china and is acceptable to chinese smokers, but further research is needed to assess the potential impact of this type of intervention.
smoking_cessation	objectives/hypothesisto demonstrate racial differences in preventable risk behaviors/practices that contribute to head and neck cancer (hnca). study designcross-sectional analysis of large national risk factor survey. methodsthe behavioral risk factor surveillance system for 2013 was analyzed. demographic data were extracted, including age, sex, and race. social habits considered risk factors for hnca were also extracted, including alcohol consumption, smoking, and human papillomavirus (hpv) vaccination status. statistical comparisons were conducted according to race for each risk factor, and additional comparisons were conducted within the american indian population subgroup for risk factors according to sex. resultsa total of 238.6 million americans were surveyed. american indians reported higher rates of binge drinking (19.0%) than whites (17.3%), blacks (12.4%), and asian americans (13.1%; p < .001). this rate was significantly higher for american indian males (23.5%) versus females (13.7%; p < .001). mean total drinks per month was higher for whites and american indians (13.5 and 13.5; p < .001). american indians reported the highest rates of current smoking (28.1%), followed by blacks (20.1%), whites (18.3%), and asians (10.2%; p < .001). american indians also reported the highest rates of every day smoking (18.2%), versus whites (13.3%), blacks (13.1%), and asians (6.1%; p < .001). rates of hpv vaccination were lowest for american indians (11.7%), compared to whites (14.6%), blacks (13.6%), and asians (12%; p = 0.618). conclusionsthere are striking racial disparities in the prevalence of preventable risk factors for hnca. these data highlight the need for targeted education and prevention programs in particular racial groups. level of evidence4. laryngoscope, 127:1068-1072, 2017
smoking_cessation	this study examines the prevalence and tobacco use patterns among adult social assistance beneficiaries and their interest in quitting. the results are based on data collected in a cross-sectional survey conducted among adults in the piotrkowski district. a sample of 3636 social assistance beneficiaries produced a total of 1817 respondents who completed face-to-face questionnaires. overall, 37.1% of the respondents, including 52.8% men and 29.6% women, were current smokers. over one third of the smokers reported their willingness to quit. in the study population, several characteristics were significantly associated with the current daily smoking: male gender, low educational attainment, unemployment or temporary employment, lack of awareness of smoking-associated health risks, use of e-cigarettes, and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke (ets). the intention to quit smoking among the daily smokers was positively correlated with their awareness of smoking-associated health risks, lack of previous quit attempts, and low exposure to ets. smoking prevalence among social assistance recipients tends to be higher than in the general population, but more than half of the smokers are willing to quit. there is an urgency to develop policies tailored to the needs of these disadvantaged population groups.
lymphoma	a known hiv-1-positive intravenous drug user was found to be human t cell lymphoma/leukemia virus-ii (htlv-ii) dna positive by polymerase chain reaction but seronegative in a screening elisa. he was consistently dna positive but took 2 years to fully seroconvert. sequencing of the htlv-ii strain in his cultured t lymphocytes indicated that it is a prototypical type a strain with no major differences in the long terminal repeat dna sequence, nor major amino acid differences in the gag, env, tax, and rex proteins. however, a mutation in its pol gene created a stop codon at amino acid 543 of the pol protein, a region that encodes for the rnase function. this mutation may account for the subject 's slow seroconversion.
lymphoma	aims: to characterize the clinicopathological and genetic features of pleomorphic mantle cell lymphoma (pmcl), which morphologically mimics diffuse large b cell lymphoma (dlbcl). methods and results: we screened systematically 500 b cell lymphomas morphologically compatible with dlbcl using an immunohistochemical algorithm of three markers (cd5, cyclin d1 and sox11). ten cases of pmcl were identified for further study and, surprisingly, four (40%) of them were cyclin d1-negative. these 10 patients were mainly elderly males with advanced disease, and their median survival was only 11 months. all cyclin d1-positive pmcls tested showed an igh-ccnd1 translocation, whereas one of the four cyclin d1-negative pmcls had a translocation involving ccnd2 and a high ccnd2 mrna level (p < 0.000001). the genomewide copy number profiles of both cyclin d1-positive and cyclin d1negative pmcls were similar to those of classical mantle cell lymphoma (mcl) reported previously, confirming the diagnosis. secondary genetic alterations involved in oncogenic pathways of mcl were observed more frequently in these pmcls, possibly decreasing the dependence on the driving ccnd1 translocation and accounting for the common cyclin d1 negativity. copy number gains of pik3ca and ccdc50 were detected in all cyclin d1-negative pmcls but in only 40% of the cyclin d1-positive pmcls. these additional oncogenic signals may compensate for the common absence of ccnd2 translocation in cyclin d1-negative pmcl. conclusion: we demonstrate for the first time that cyclin d1 negativity is surprisingly common in pmcl morphologically mimicking dlbcl, and the use of a simple immunohistochemical algorithm can prevent misclassification and inappropriate treatment.
lymphoma	allogeneic hematopoietic stem cell transplantation (allo-sct) is a therapeutic option for relapsed, advanced, and otherwise incurable non-hodgkin 's lymphomas (nhl) suggested by the existence of a graft-versus-lymphoma effect. the main complications are graft-versus-host disease and infections. we performed a retrospective analysis of patients with nhl, who received an allo-sct between january 1995 and december 2014. the parameters that had an impact on overall survival were age aecurrency60 years old, chemosensitive disease pre-allo-sct, and indolent nhl histology. the parameters that had an impact on progression-free survival were age aecurrency60 years old and chemosensitive disease pre-allo-sct. only aggressive nhl histology and refractory disease pre-allo-sct showed an increased risk of death in the multivariate model. the use of allo-sct for young patients with multiple relapsed chemosensitive indolent nhl is a suitable option. despite poor prognosis, young aggressive nhl patients can be considered for allo-sct provided they have chemosensitive disease.
lymphoma	antibody-drug conjugates (adcs) comprise an antibody, a linker, and a drug or payload. the selection of a tumor-specific antibody and development of a linker having an efficient controlled drug release (cdr) are critical steps in developing a fully functional and effective adc. in our research strategy, molecular imaging technologies have been employed to evaluate the efficiency of antibody delivery and cdr of the linker. in preclinical setting, antibody delivery into the tumor area or antibody penetration through the tumor stroma in malignant lymphoma or pancreatic tumor was evaluated by in vivo fluorescence imaging technique. positron emission tomography (pet) imaging studies were conducted using zr-89-labeled antibody to evaluate tumor targeting in a spontaneous carcinogenesis model. the model had dense stroma and was pathophysiologically very similar to human cancer. the drug imaging system, using microscopic mass spectroscopy (mms) with enhanced resolution and sensitivity, was used for the evaluation of cdr. paclitaxel (ptx)-incorporated micelle, a high-molecular-weight (hmw) carrier with cdr, showing similar properties as those of adc, was analyzed. in contrast to free ptx, micelle selectively increased drug accumulation into the tumor and reduced toxicity in normal tissues by the enhanced permeability and retention (epr) effect. our drug imaging system has been used recently to evaluate the cdr of the adc-linker. we present our work on the development of adc using a molecular imaging technique.
lymphoma	the last few years have seen the identification of pharmacologic approaches to target bromodomain and extraterminal (bet) proteins for cancer treatment. these proteins have an essential role in gene transcription regulation by binding acetylated lysine residues on histone tails, activating gene transcription. bet inhibitors have been tested in preclinical models including pediatric malignancies and several adult clinical trials are ongoing. since the development of new drugs in pediatric cancer has long lagged behind programs for adults, the aim of this review is to show the importance of these therapies in pediatric malignancies to support their development in pediatric oncology/hematology.
lymphoma	the aim of the present study was to investigate the role of myristicin (myr; 1-allyl-5-methoxy-3,4-methy-lenedioxybenzene), an active aromatic compound isolated from nutmeg, carrot, basil, cinnamon and parsley, in hypoxia-induced apoptosis in rat dorsal root ganglion (drg) neurons. it was observed that myr significantly enhanced cell viability in hypoxia-induced drg neurons in a dose-dependent manner; the optimal concentration of myr was 50 mu m. furthermore, myr reduced the percentage of deoxynucleotidyl transferase-mediated dutp nick end-labeling-positive neuronal cells and influenced the expression of the pro-apoptotic gene b-cell lymphoma 2 (bcl-2) associated x protein, the apoptosis protease cleaved caspase-3 and the anti-apoptotic gene bcl-2, in the hypoxia-induced group. in addition, myr protected against hypoxic injury in drg neurons by inhibiting malondialdehyde and lactate dehydrogenase, however upregulating superoxide dismutase and glutathione peroxidase. myr reduced the expression of endoplasmic reticulum stress (ers) markers, including ccaat/enhancer-binding protein-homologous protein, glucose-related protein 78 and cleaved caspase-12 in the hypoxia-induced group. to the best of our knowledge, this is the first demonstration of the activity of myr against hypoxia-induced apoptosis in rat drg neurons via inhibition of the ers pathway.
lymphoma	conclusion: the multimodal diagnostic algorithm is a simple diagnostic tool in the pre-operative assessment of submandibular masses that enables one-stage surgical concepts.background: the pre-operative assessment of submandibular masses is of major clinical impact. this study assesses the diagnostic utility of a newly introduced diagnostic algorithm in the differentiation of submandibular masses based on epidemiological and b-mode ultrasonographic data.methods: one hundred and eighty-eight patients with submandibular triangle masses were included. epidemiological and ultrasonographic data of 128 consecutively included patients were assessed and structured in a multimodal algorithm. the diagnostic algorithm was prospectively validated in a further 60 patients.results: single epidemiological and ultrasonographic data do not reliably predict the lesional entity. the multimodal diagnostic algorithm achieved a diagnostic sensitivity/specificity of 100%/100% in sialolithiasis, 44%/100% in benign submandibular gland diseases (bsd), 94%/96% in nodal lymphoma/unspecific lymphadenitis, and 91%/84% in carcinomas. reduced sensitivity in bsd or specificity in carcinomas increased after intra-operative fresh frozen section in patients suspected for bsd.
lymphoma	background: epstein barr virus (ebv) plays a causal role in some diseases, including infectious mononucleosis, lymphoproliferative diseases and nasopharyngeal carcinoma. detection of ebv infection has been shown to be a useful tool for diagnosing ebv-related diseases. in the present study, we compared the performance of molecular tests, including fluorescence in situ hybridization (fish) and ebv real-time pcr, to those of serological assays for the detection of ebv infection. methods: thirty-eight patients with infectious mononucleosis (im) were enrolled, of whom 31 were diagnosed with a mild type, and seven were diagnosed with im with haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and chronic active ebv infection. twenty healthy controls were involved in the study. the atypical lymphocytes in peripheral blood were detected under a microscope and the percentage of positive cells was calculated. ebv dna load in peripheral blood was detected using real-time pcr. the fish assay was developed to detect the ebv genome from peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmc). other diagnosis methods including the heterophil agglutination (ha) test and ebv-vca-igm test, to detect ebv were also compared. spss17.0 was used for statistical analysis. results: in all, 5-41% atypical lymphocytes were found among the pbmc in mild im patients, whereas 8-51% atypical lymphocytes were found in im patients with haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and chronic active ebv infection patients. there was no significant difference in the ratios of atypical lymphoma between patients of the different types. we observed that 71.2% of mild im patients and 85.7% of im patients with haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and chronic active ebv infection patients were positive for ebv-vca-igm. ebv-vca-igm was negative in all healthy control subjects. in addition, 67.1% of mild im patients tested heterophile antibody positive, whereas 71.4% of im patients with haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and chronic active ebv infection tested positive. ebv dna detected using real-time pcr was observed in 89.5% of these im patients. the ebv genome was detected by the fish assay in 97.4% of the im patients. the eb viral loads detected by fish and real-time pcr increased with the severity of im. the ebv genome was detected in almost all the pbmc of im with haemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis and chronic active ebv infection patients. conclusion: molecular tests, including fish and ebv real-time pcr, are more sensitive than serological assays for the detection of ebv infection. the fish assay detecting ebv copies in unfractionated whole blood is preferable and superior to plasma real-time pcr in its reflection of the absolute viral burden circulating in the patients.
lymphoma	autologous t cells expressing chimeric antigen receptors (cars) specific for cd19 have demonstrated remarkable efficacy as therapeutics for b cell malignancies. in the present study, we generated flag-tagged cd19-specific car-t cells (cd19-flag) and compared them to their non-tagged counterparts for their effects on solid and hematological cancer cells in vitro and in vivo. for solid tumors, we used hela cervical carcinoma cells engineered to overexpress cd19 (hela-cd19), and for hematological cancer we used raji burkitt 's lymphoma cells, which endogenously express cd19. like non-tagged cd19 car-t cells, cd19-flag car-t cells expanded in culture >100-fold and exhibited potent cytolytic activity against both hela-cd19 and raji cells in vitro. cd19-flag car-t cells also secreted significantly more ifn-gamma and il-2 than the control t cells. in vivo, cd19-flag car-t cells significantly blocked the growth of hela-cd19 solid tumors, increased tumor cleaved caspase-3 levels, and expanded systemically. cd19-flag car-t cells also significantly reduced raji tumor burden and extended mouse survival. these results demonstrate the strong efficacy of flag-tagged cd19 car-t cells in solid and hematological cancer models.
lymphoma	bovine leukemia virus (blv) is the causative agent of enzootic bovine leukosis, a malignant b cell lymphoma that has spread worldwide and causes serious problems for the cattle industry. the blv proviral load, which represents the blv genome integrated into host genome, is a useful index for estimating disease progression and transmission risk. here, we conducted a genome-wide association study to identify single nucleotide polymorphisms (snps) associated with blv proviral load in japanese black cattle. the study examined 93 cattle with a high proviral load and 266 with a low proviral load. three snps showed a significant association with proviral load. one snp was detected in the cntn3 gene on chromosome 22, and two (which were not in linkage disequilibrium) were detected in the bovine major histocompatibility complex region on chromosome 23. these results suggest that polymorphisms in the major histocompatibility complex region affect proviral load. this is the first report to detect snps associated with blv proviral load in japanese black cattle using whole genome association study, and understanding host factors may provide important clues for controlling the spread of blv in japanese black cattle.
asthma	ion channels/pumps are essential regulators of organ homeostasis and disease. in the present review, we discuss the role of the mechanosensitive cation channel, transient receptor potential vanilloid 4 (trpv4), in cytokine secretion and pulmonary inflammatory diseases such as asthma, cystic fibrosis (cf), and acute lung injury/acute respiratory distress syndrome (ards). trpv4 has been shown to play a role in lung diseases associated with lung parenchymal stretch or stiffness. trpv4 indirectly mediates hypotonicity-induced smooth muscle contraction and airway remodeling in asthma. further, the literature suggests that in cf trpv4 may improve ciliary beat frequency enhancing mucociliary clearance, while at the same time increasing pro-inflammatory cytokine secretion/lung tissue injury. currently it is understood that the role of trpv4 in immune cell function and associated lung tissue injury/ards may depend on the injury stimulus. uncovering the downstream mechanisms of trpv4 action in pulmonary inflammatory diseases is likely important to understanding disease pathogenesis and may lead to novel therapeutics.
asthma	patients with severe asthma represent a minority of the total asthma population, but carry a majority of the morbidity and healthcare costs. achieving better asthma control in this group of patients is therefore of key importance. systematic assessment of patients with possible severe asthma to identify treatment barriers and triggers of asthma symptoms, including co-morbidities, improves asthma control and reduces healthcare costs and is recommended by international guidelines on management of severe asthma. this review provides the clinician with an overview of the prevalence and clinical impact of the most common co-morbidities in severe asthma, including chronic rhinosinusitis, nasal polyposis, allergic rhinitis, dysfunctional breathing, vocal cord dysfunction, anxiety and depression, obesity, obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome (osas), gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd), bronchiectasis, allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis (abpa) and eosinophilic granulomatous with polyangiitis (egpa). furthermore, the review offers a summary of recommended diagnostic and management approaches for each co-morbidity. finally, the review links co-morbid conditions to specific phenotypes of severe asthma, in order to guide the clinician on which co-morbidities to look for in specific patients.
asthma	recently, we developed a computer-adaptive test (cat) for assessing health-related quality of life (hrqol) in children and adolescents: the kids-cat. it measures five generic hrqol dimensions. the aims of this article were (1) to present the study design and (2) to investigate its psychometric properties in a clinical setting. the kids-cat study is a longitudinal prospective study with eight measurements over one year at two university medical centers in germany. for validating the kids-cat, 270 consecutive 7- to 17-year-old patients with asthma (n = 52), diabetes (n = 182) or juvenile arthritis (n = 36) answered well-established hrqol instruments (pediatric quality of life inventory (tm) (pedsql), kidscreen-27) and scales measuring related constructs (e.g., social support, self-efficacy). measurement precision, test-retest reliability, convergent and discriminant validity were investigated. the mean standard error of measurement ranged between .38 and .49 for the five dimensions, which equals a reliability between .86 and .76, respectively. the kids-cat measured most reliably in the lower hrqol range. convergent validity was supported by moderate to high correlations of the kids-cat dimensions with corresponding pedsql dimensions ranging between .52 and .72. a lower correlation was found between the social dimensions of both instruments. discriminant validity was confirmed by lower correlations with non-corresponding subscales of the pedsql. the kids-cat measures pediatric hrqol reliably, particularly in lower areas of hrqol. its test-retest reliability should be re-investigated in future studies. the validity of the instrument was demonstrated. overall, results suggest that the kids-cat is a promising candidate for detecting psychosocial needs in chronically ill children.
asthma	introduction: asthma control includes the control of symptoms and future risk. we sought to evaluate the usefulness of the degree of spirometric reversibility of the forced expiratory volume in one second (fev1) as the target parameter of control. methodology: patients with bronchial asthma were followed up for one year. the clinical, functional, inflammatory and control parameters of the asthma were collected. the area under the curve (auc) was estimated to establish the cutoff point of the post-bronchodilator fev1 reversibility in relation to noncontrol asthma. in the univariate analysis, the differences between groups were studied based on the degree of estimated reversibility. factors with a significance= 10% (sensitivity: 65.8%, specificity: 48.4%, positive predictive value: 69.5%, and auc: 0.619 [0.533-0.700], p= 10), an increased use of relief medication was observed, along with a significantly progressive drop in post- bronchodilator fev1 and post-bronchodilator fev1/fvc (forced expiratory volume in one second/forced vital capacity). conclusions: spirometric reversibility can be useful in assessing control in asthmatic patients and can predict future risk parameters. the cutoff point related to the non-control of asthma found in our work was >= 10%. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
asthma	a decreased responsiveness of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical axis to stress stimuli in patients with atopy is well documented. the aim of this study was to investigate personality traits, salivary alpha amylase activity and the aldosterone response to psychosocial stress procedure based on public speech in atopic patients with respect to sex and the menstrual cycle (mc) phase. the study was performed in 106 subjects of both sexes, 53 atopic patients suffering from allergic rhinitis, allergic asthma or atopic dermatitis and 53 age-, sex-, the mc phase- and bmi- matched healthy controls. substantially attenuated activity of alpha-amylase and reduced secretion of aldosterone during the psychosocial stress were observed in the whole sample of patients with atopy. higher activity of alpha-amylase observed in the follicular compared to the luteal phase in healthy women was not present in atopic patients. in both males and females, atopy was associated with blunted cortisol response but no changes in the heart rate. psychological characterization revealed a significantly higher trait anxiety and higher preference for avoidance-oriented coping strategy in female but not male atopic patients. these findings provide evidence that patients with atopy exhibit insufficient alpha-amylase and aldosterone responsiveness to psychosocial stress, thus suggesting decreased sympathetic activity. potential disturbances in sex hormone status during the mc in female patients with atopy have to be considered in future research. changes in personality traits were demonstrated in female atopic patients, but not in male patients. (c) 2017 published by elsevier ltd.
asthma	airborne respirable dust (ard) (< 5 mu m) in the stable environment is strongly implicated in equine asthma. bedding, forage, ventilation rate, and stable management activities all contribute to ard. this study investigated the relationship between ard in the breathing zone (bz) and the stable zone (sz) in eight american barns (abs) and eight stable complexes with individual stables under four different management regimes. airborne respirable dust was measured in eight replicate stables per regime in abs (n = 32) and eight per regime in single stables (n = 32). regimes were as follows: (1) steamed hay and shavings; (2) dry hay and shavings; (3) haylage and straw; and (4) dry hay and straw. samples were taken in quite periods between 3 pm and 4 pm hours. airborne respirable dust levels were analyzed using split-plot analysis of variance and wilcoxon matched-pairs test (genstat 15) with p <.05 as significant. the lowest ard (< 360 rp/l air) was found for shavings and steamed hay in ab and single stables in both bz and sz. straw and dry hay in abs produced ard of 6,250 (sz), 5,079 rp/l air (bz) which was greater (p <.05) than the 2,901 (sz) and 942 (bz) rp/l air in single stables. straw and haylage produced more ard across both zones in single stables compared with abs. shavings and dry hay = more dust in the bz than in the sz, whereas straw and haylage = higher ard in the sz versus the bz across both stable designs. using dry hay and/or straw cannot be recommended as a suitable management regime for stabled horses. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
asthma	background: pollen exposure has acute adverse effects on sensitized individuals. information on the prevalence of respiratory diseases in areas with different pollen concentrations is scanty. aim: we performed an ecologic analysis to assess whether the prevalence of allergic rhinitis and asthma in young adults varied across areas with different pollen concentrations in italy. methods: a questionnaire on respiratory diseases was delivered to random samples of 20-44 year-old subjects from six centers in 2005-2010. data on the daily air concentrations of 7 major allergologic pollens (poaceae, urticaceae, oleaceae, cupressaceae, coryloideae, betula and ambrosia) were collected for 2007-2008. center-specific pollen exposure indicators were calculated, including the average number of days per year with pollens above the low or high concentration thresholds defined by the italian association of aerobiology. associations between pollen exposure and disease prevalence, adjusted for potential confounders, were estimated using logistic regression models with center as a random-intercept. results: overall, 8834 subjects (56.8%) filled in the questionnaire. allergic rhinitis was significantly less frequent in the centers with longer periods with high concentrations of at least one (or per 10 days = 0.989, 95%ci: 0.979-0.999) or at least two pollens (or = 0.974, 95%ci: 0.951-0.998); associations with the number of days with at least one (or = 0.988, 95%cl: 0.972-1.004) or at least two (or = 0.985, 95%ci: 0.970-1.001) pollens above the low thresholds were borderline significant. asthma prevalence was not associated with pollen concentrations. conclusions: our study does not support that the prevalence of allergic rhinitis and asthma is greater in centers with higher pollen concentrations. it is not clear whether the observed ecologic associations hold at the individual level. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
asthma	to achieve a better understanding of mechanisms underlying the anti-asthmatic action of inhaled and systemic glucocorticoids (gcs) and to provide more data regarding the risk of a negative effect of inhaled gcs on cd4(+) t cells, a study was conducted on the effect of ciclesonide and methylprednisolone on cd4+ effector (teff), regulatory (treg) and resting (trest) t cells within respiratory and extra-respiratory tissues in a mouse model of allergic asthma. the study indicated that one, and possibly a key mechanism, underlying the anti-asthmatic action of inhaled and systemic gcs is the prevention of the activation and clonal expansion of cd4+ teff cells in the mediastinal lymph nodes (mlns), which consequently prevents infiltration of the lungs with cd4+ teff cells. the beneficial effects of gcs in asthma treatment were not mediated through increased recruitment of treg cells into the mlns and lungs and/or local generation of treg cells. the results demonstrated that inhaled and systemic gcs induced comparable depletion of normal cd4+ teff, trest and treg cells in the mlns, head and neck lymph nodes and peripheral blood. furthermore, inhaled, but not systemic gc therapy, led to the loss of these cells in the lungs. thus, the study suggests that inhaled gc therapy may not be safer at all than systemic one with respect to the adverse effect on cd4+ t cells present within and outside the respiratory tract. moreover, administration of inhaled gcs can produce negative effects on lung-residing cd4+ t cells. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
asthma	background: researchers investigating lung diseases, such as asthma, have questioned whether certain compounds previously reported in exhaled breath condensate (ebc) originate from saliva contamination. moreover, despite its increasing use in omics profiling studies, the constituents of ebc remain largely uncharacterized. the present study aims to define the usefulness of ebc in investigating lung disease by comparing ebc, saliva, and saliva-contaminated ebc using targeted and untargeted mass spectrometry and the potential of metabolite loss from adsorption to ebc sample collection tubes. methods: liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (lc-ms) was used to analyze samples from 133 individuals from three different cohorts. levels of amino acids and eicosanoids, two classes of molecules previously reported in ebc and saliva, were measured using targeted lc-ms. cohort 1 was used to examine contamination of ebc by saliva. samples from cohort 1 consisted of clean ebc, saliva-contaminated ebc, and clean saliva from 13 healthy volunteers; samples were analyzed using untargeted lc-ms. cohort 2 was used to compare eicosanoid levels from matched ebc and saliva collected from 107 asthmatic subjects. samples were analyzed using both targeted and untargeted lc-ms. cohort 3 samples consisted of clean-ebc collected from 13 subjects, including smokers and non-smokers, and were used to independently confirm findings; samples were analyzed using targeted lc-ms, untargeted lc-ms, and proteomics. in addition to human samples, an in-house developed nebulizing system was used to determine the potential for ebc samples to be contaminated by saliva. results: out of the 400 metabolites detected in both ebc and saliva, 77 were specific to ebc; however, ebc samples were concentrated 20-fold to achieve this level of sensitivity. amino acid concentrations ranged from 196 pg/ml - 4 mu g/ml (clean ebc), 1.98 ng/ml - 6 mu g/ml (saliva-contaminated ebc), and 13.84 ng/ml - 1256 mg/ml (saliva). eicosanoid concentration ranges were an order of magnitude lower; 10 pg/ml - 76.5 ng/ml (clean ebc), 10 pg/ml - 898 ng/ml (saliva-contaminated ebc), and 2.54 ng/ml - 272.9 mg/ml (saliva). although the sample size of the replication cohort (cohort 3) did not allow for statistical comparisons, two proteins and 19 eicosanoids were detected in smoker vs. non-smoker clean-ebc. conclusions: we conclude that metabolites are present and detectable in ebc using lc-ms; however, a large starting volume of sample is required.
asthma	backgroundclinical presentation of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs exacerbated respiratory disease (nerd) is found to be heterogeneous. this study classified phenotypic clusters to determine nerd subtypes. methodswe performed two-step cluster analysis using urticaria, chronic rhinosinusitis (crs), and atopy, in a nerd cohort comprising 302 patients. asthma exacerbation was defined as receiving at least one burst of intravenous steroid treatment and/or at least two bursts of oral steroid use ( 45 mg/3 days) per year. the possession rate of anti-asthmatic medications was estimated during the follow-up period. resultsthere were four subtypes: subtype 1 (nerd with crs/atopy and no urticaria), subtype 2 (nerd with crs and no urticaria/atopy), subtype 3 (nerd without crs/urticaria), and subtype 4 (nerd with urticaria). significant differences were found between the four subtypes in the female proportion, baseline fev1%, serum total ige level, and sputum/peripheral eosinophil count. a higher frequency of asthma exacerbations was noted in subtype 1 compared to subtype 3. the possession rates of medium- to high-dose inhaled corticosteroids/long-acting beta(2)-agonists showed significant differences among the four subtypes. metabolomic analysis showed that the four subtypes of nerd had a higher serum leukotriene e4 (lte4) level than those with aspirin-tolerant asthma. the patients with subtypes 1 and 3 had a higher urine lte4 level than those with subtype 2. conclusionwe found four distinct subtypes with different clinical/biochemical findings and asthma exacerbations in a nerd cohort. these findings suggest that stratified strategies by applying subtype classification may help achieve better outcomes in the management of nerd.
bipolar_disorder	background: bipolar patients show high intra-individual variability during cognitive processing. however, it is not known whether there are a specific fluctuations of variability contributing to the overall high cognitive inconsistency. the objective was to compare dynamic profiles of patients and healthy controls to identify hypothetical differences and their associations with overall variability and processing speed. methods: changes of reaction times isd during processing speed test performance over time was measured by dividing the isd for whole task into four consecutive parts. motor speed and cognitive effort were controlled. results: patients with bd exhibited significantly lower results regarding processing speed and higher intraindividual variability comparing with hc. the profile of intra-individual variability changes over time of performance was significantly different in bd versus hc groups: f(3, 207)=8.60, p < 0.0001, eta rho(2)=0.11. isd of bd patients in the initial phase of performance was three times higher than in the last. there was no significant differences between four intervals in hc group. inter-group difference in the initial part of the profiles was significant also after controlling for several cognitive and clinical variables. limitations: applied computer version of cognitive speed test was relatively new and, thus, replication studies are needed. effect seen in the present study is driven mainly by the bd type i. conclusions: patients with bd exhibits problems with setting a stimulus-response association in starting phase of cognitive processing. this deficit may negatively interfere with the other cognitive functions, decreasing level of psychosocial functioning, therefore should be explored in future studies.
bipolar_disorder	background: sociodemographic factors, alcohol and drug intake, and maternal health are known to be associated with adverse outcomes in pregnancy for women with severe mental illness in addition to their use of psychotropic medication. in this study, we describe the demographic characteristics of women hospitalized for severe mental illness along with their use of medication and other drugs during the pregnancy period. methods: a clinical case note review of women with psychosis who were hospitalized at the state psychiatric hospital in western australia during 1966-1996, gave birth between 1980 and 1992, and received psychiatric treatment during the pregnancy period. the mother 's clinical information was available from the case notes and the midwives record. the demographic characteristics of the mothers were described together with their hospitalization pattern and their medication and substance use during the pregnancy period. results: a total of 428 mothers with a history of severe mental illness were identified who gave birth during 1980-1992. of these, 164 mothers received psychiatric care during the pregnancy period. one hundred thirty-two had taken psychotropic medication during this period. mothers who were married, of aboriginal status or living in regional and remote areas appeared less likely to be hospitalized during the pregnancy period, while older mothers and those with a diagnosis of schizophrenia were more likely to be hospitalized. the number of mothers taking psychotropic medication in the first trimester of pregnancy was reduced compared to the previous 6 months. the decline in the number taking substances over the same period was not significant. in all, 16% of the women attempted suicide during the pregnancy period and 10% non-suicidal self-injury. conclusion: the women demonstrate a pattern of decreased use of psychotropic medication use from the period before pregnancy to the first trimester of pregnancy. our data highlight the importance of women with severe mental illness receiving regular ongoing monitoring and support from their psychiatrist during pregnancy regarding the level of medication required as well as counseling with regard to substance use, non-suicidal self-injury, and attempted suicide.
bipolar_disorder	backgrounda small body of research suggests that gene-environment interactions play an important role in the development of bipolar disorder. the aim of the present study is to contribute to this work by exploring the relationship between stressful life events and the catechol-o-methyl-transferase (comt) val(158)met polymorphism in bipolar disorder. methodsfour hundred eighty-two bipolar cases and 205 psychiatrically healthy controls completed the list of threatening experiences questionnaire. bipolar cases reported the events experienced 6 months before their worst depressive and manic episodes; controls reported those events experienced 6 months prior to their interview. the genotypic information for the comt val(158)met variant (rs4680) was extracted from gwas analysis of the sample. resultsthe impact of stressful life events was moderated by the comt genotype for the worst depressive episode using a val dominant model (adjusted risk difference = 0.09, 95% confidence intervals = 0.003-0.18, p = .04). for the worst manic episodes no significant interactions between comt and stressful life events were detected. conclusionsthis is the first study to explore the relationship between stressful life events and the comt val(158)met polymorphism focusing solely on bipolar disorder. the results of this study highlight the importance of the interplay between genetic and environmental factors for bipolar depression.
bipolar_disorder	previous association studies have shown mixed results between glutamic acid decarboxylase like-1 (gadl1) gene polymorphism and prophylactic lithium response in bipolar disorder (bd) patients. in the present study, gadl1 gene expression was investigated in regard to lithium response, using alda scale, in lyntphoblastoid cells (lcls) of 36 caucasian bd patients. no difference in gadl1 expression was observed among lcls from excellent-responders, non-responders or controls. furthermore, lithium did not induce significant changes in gadl1 expression levels after 4 or 8 days. these results did not support an association of gadl1 expression in the determination of a lithium response in bd patients.
bipolar_disorder	backgroundmany mood disorder patients need analgesics due to increased pain sensitivity. recent studies have suggested that nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (nsaids) may inhibit antidepressant treatment, which requires replication before clinical recommendations. methodsthe clinical and health outcomes initiatives in comparative effectiveness for bipolar disorder study randomized participants to 6 months lithium or quetiapine treatment. use of nsaids and paracetamol was assessed throughout the study period and psychopathology measured with the clinical global impression scale for bipolar disorder (cgi-bp) and bipolar inventory of symptoms scale (biss). the effects of nsaids and paracetamol on treatment outcome were examined using mixed effects linear regression adjusted for age, gender, body mass index, smoking status, exercise, and somatic diseases. resultsamong 482 participants, 177 (36.7%) used nsaids and/or paracetamol during the study. nsaid and paracetamol users did not differ from nonusers with respect to treatment outcome with lithium or quetiapine at any time point during 6 months treatment on the overall cgi-bp ( = 0.001 (95% ci = -0.01 to -0.01), p = .87), the biss ( = 0.01 (95% ci = -0.17 to 0.15), p = .91), nor the cgi-bp subscales for depression or mania. users of nsaids only (n = 76), paracetamol only (n = 62), and users of both nsaids and paracetamol (n = 39) showed no statistical difference compared to nonusers (all p >.3). conclusionsthis is the first trial to show that use of nsaids and paracetamol, alone or in combination, does not affect lithium- or quetiapine-based bipolar disorder mood-stabilizing treatment outcomes. prior studies have suggested that nsaids may inhibit antidepressant treatment, whereas our results support findings indicating no detrimental effects of nsaids or paracetamol on affective disorder treatment.
bipolar_disorder	introduction: analgesics are commonly prescribed medications used to alleviate pain of various aetiologies without affecting the patient 's consciousness. they interfere with the transmission of pain signals. a commonly used antiepileptic drug, sodium valproate has been used in various non-epileptic conditions like migraine prophylaxis and in the treatment of bipolar disorder because of the multiple mechanisms by which it acts. docosahexanoic acid (dha), an omega 3 fatty acid, is known to possess analgesic activity. we planned a study to assess the effect of sodium valproate alone and in combination with dha in rat models of pain. aim: to evaluate the analgesic activity of sodium valproate and dha supplementation using various experimental models in albino wistar rats. materials and methods: for analgesic activity, a total of 48 adult wistar albino rats were divided into eight groups of six rats each. group i was control (distil water 1 ml/kg), group ii received intraperitoneal injection of tramadol (10 mg/kg), group iii, iv, v were injected intraperitoneal sodium valproate 100, 200, 400 mg/kg with distil water respectively and group vi, vii, viii were given sodium valproate 100, 200, 400 mg/kg plus dha 300 mg/kg (intraperitoneal) respectively. analgesic activity was assessed using hot plate, tail flick and acetic acid writhing models. results: we found that sodium valproate at higher doses (400 mg/kg) used either alone along with dha (300 mg/kg) showed statistically significant analgesic activity in comparison to control in various experimental models for assessing pain. conclusion: combination of sodium valproate along with dha has shown promising analgesic activity.
bipolar_disorder	the present work aims at investigating how toxoplasma gondii (t. gondii) infection may be linked to n-methyl-d-aspartate receptor (nmdar) dysfunction in schizophrenia and related disorders and puts forward the hypothesis that immune responses against t. gondii may involve nmdars. indeed, the analysis of the protozoan proteome and nmdar subunits for peptide commonalities shows a massive peptide overlap and supports the possibility that anti-t. gondii immune responses raised during active protozoan infection may cross-react with host nmdars, determining disruption of neural circuits and cognitive deficits. in particular, the nmda 2d subunit, which is mainly expressed in parvalbumin-positive interneurons, appears to be a hotspot for potential t. gondii-induced cross-reactive immune attacks.
bipolar_disorder	transcranial direct current stimulation (tdcs) is a non-invasive form of brain stimulation which uses a weak constant current to alter cortical excitability and activity temporarily. tdcs-induced increases in neuronal excitability and performance improvements have been observed following anodal stimulation of brain regions associated with visual and motor functions, but relatively little research has been conducted with respect to auditory processing. recently, pilot study results indicate that anodal tdcs can increase auditory deviance detection, whereas cathodal tdcs decreases auditory processing, as measured by a brain-based event-related potential (erp), mismatch negativity (mmn). as evidence has shown that tdcs lasting effects may be dependent on n-methyl-d-aspartate (nmda) receptor activity, the current study investigated the use of dextromethorphan (dmo), an nmda antagonist, to assess possible modulation of tdcs 's effects on both mmn and working memory performance. the study, conducted in 12 healthy volunteers, involved four laboratory test sessions within a randomised, placebo and sham-controlled crossover design that compared pre- and post-anodal tdcs over the auditory cortex (2 ma for 20 minutes to excite cortical activity temporarily and locally) and sham stimulation (i.e. device is turned off) during both dmo (50 ml) and placebo administration. anodal tdcs increased mmn amplitudes with placebo administration. significant increases were not seen with sham stimulation or with anodal stimulation during dmo administration. with sham stimulation (i.e. no stimulation), dmo decreased mmn amplitudes. findings from this study contribute to the understanding of underlying neurobiological mechanisms mediating tdcs sensory and memory improvements.
bipolar_disorder	the aim of this study was to compare the global functioning and cognitive performance in a community sample of young adults with mood disorders versus community controls. this was a cross-sectional study nested in a cohort study with a community sample, data was collected from february 2012 to june 2014; specifically, at a mean of five years after the first phase, all young adults were invited to participate in a re-evaluation. mini international neuropsychiatric interview- plus (mini-plus) was used for the diagnosis of mood disorders. the functional assessment short test (fast) and the montreal cognitive assessment (moca) were used to assess the global functioning, and cognitive performance, respectively. were included 1258 subjects. functional impairment was greater in subjects with bipolar disorder when compared to community controls, and there were no differences between major depressive disorder and community controls. there were no significant differences in cognitive performance between young adults with mood disorders when compared to community controls. functional impairment is a marker for bipolar disorder in young adults; however, gross cognitive impairment assessed by a screening test is not, possibly because cognition is impaired in more advanced stages of the disorder.
bipolar_disorder	background and aim emotional dysregulation (ed) is a frequent feature of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (adhd). it can be observed as a dysregulation profile or a deficient emotional self-regulation (desr) profile. oppositional defiant disorder/conduct disorder (odd/cd) comorbidity is prevalent in adhd and known to be related with ed. the first-line treatment of adhd includes psychostimulants, but their effects on ed are not well studied. this study aimed to evaluate the outcomes of methylphenidate (mph) treatment on ed in adhd + odd/cd cases. methods a total of 118 adhd + odd/cd patients with a mean age of 9.0 1.9 years were treated with mph for 1 year. also, parents of cases were recruited for a parent-training program, which initiated after first month of mph treatment. symptom severity was assessed at baseline and 12th month by turgay diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders, fourth edition-based child and adolescent behavior disorders screening and rating scale-parent form, children depression inventory, child behavior checklist 4-18 years, and parental acceptance and rejection questionnaire-mother form. results emotional dysregulation (desr + dp) was present in 85.6% of cases. conduct disorder was significantly higher in patients with dp, whereas odd was significantly higher in the desr and non-ed groups (p < 0.0001). symptoms of adhd and ed were significantly improved with 1-year of mph treatment (p < 0.05). the improvement in ed was independent of improvement in adhd symptoms and parent training (p < 0.05). conclusions emotional dysregulation is highly prevalent in disruptive behavioral disorders as odd and cd, which are comorbid with adhd. the mph treatment is effective on ed independently from other clinical determinants.
crohn's_disease	inflammatory bowel diseases are chronic conditions of unknown etiology, showing a growing incidence and prevalence in several countries, including italy. although the etiology of crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis is unknown, due to the current knowledge regarding their pathogenesis, effective treatment strategies have been developed. several guidelines are available regarding the efficacy and safety of available drug treatments for inflammatory bowel diseases. nevertheless, national guidelines provide additional information adapted to local feasibility, costs and legal issues related to the use of the same drugs. these observations prompted the italian group for the study of inflammatory bowel disease (ig-ibd) to establish italian guidelines on the safety of currently available treatments for crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis. these guidelines discuss the use of aminosalicylates, systemic and low bioavailability corticosteroids, antibiotics (metronidazole, ciprofloxacin, rifaximin), thiopurines, methotrexate, cyclosporine a, tnf alpha antagonists, vedolizumab, and combination therapies. these guidelines are based on current knowledge derived from evidence-based medicine coupled with clinical experience of a national working group. (c) 2017 editrice gastroenterologica italiana s.r.l. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
crohn's_disease	methotrexate is an efficacious immunosuppressant for induction and maintenance of remission in crohn 's disease. the goal of this pilot study was to determine whether total or individual methotrexate glutamate levels (mtxglu(n)) in red blood cells correlate with disease activity and adverse events in crohn 's disease. a cross-sectional study was undertaken with 12 patients on a stable dose of 25 mg weekly methotrexate (oral or subcutaneous). clinical disease activity was assessed by the harvey-bradshaw index (hbi), and biologic disease activity was measured by inflammatory markers. concentrations of individual mtxglu(n) levels were measured in red blood cells (rbcs) using high-performance liquid chromatography-mass spectrometry. no association was observed between rbc individual (mtxglu(n)) or total methotrexate glutamate concentrations and clinical disease activity (hbi score) or inflammatory markers or adverse events. although crohn 's disease patients in remission appeared to generally have higher rbc total longer-chain methotrexate polyglutamate (mtxglu(3+4+5)) concentrations compared with those with active disease, a definitive association between rbc mtxglu(3+4+5) levels and clinical disease activity could not be established. larger longitudinal studies in patients with diverse disease activity are needed to establish the value of mtxglu(n) levels as indicators of treatment efficacy and clinical outcome.
crohn's_disease	background: individual studies have demonstrated the potential of diffusion-weighted magnetic resonance imaging (dwi-mri) for identifying inflamed bowel segments. however, these studies were conducted with rather small patient cohorts and in most cases by means of mr enterography only. purpose: to demonstrate the feasibility of detecting inflamed bowel segments in a large collective of patients with crohn 's disease using dwi in mr enteroclysis and mr enterography and to compare the results of both techniques, also considering clinical parameters by means of the harvey-bradshaw index (hbi). material and methods: ninety-six patients underwent mri enteroclysis and 35 patients mr enterography, both with additional dwi. the hbi as well as apparent diffusion coefficients (adc) in areas of inflamed and normal bowel wall were determined. thus resulting in 208 bowel segments that were visualized and subsequently statistically analyzed. results: there were no significant differences in adc values in mr enteroclysis and mr enterography (p = 0.383 in inflammation, p = 0.223 in normal wall). areas of inflammation showed statistically highly significant lower adc values than areas of normal bowel wall (p < 0.001). an adc threshold of 1.56 x 10(-3) mm(2)/s can distinguish between normal and inflamed bowel segments with a sensitivity of 97.4% and a specificity of 99.2%. a highly significant correlation could be shown between adc and hbi values (p = 0.001). conclusion: dwi-mri facilitates recognition of inflamed bowel segments in patients with crohn 's disease and the adc values show an excellent correlation to the hbi. there were no significant differences in adc values in mr enteroclysis and mr enterography. an adc threshold of 1.56 x 10(-3) mm(2)/s differentiates between normal and inflamed bowel wall.
crohn's_disease	aim to study the association between vitamin d level and hospitalization rate in crohn 's disease (cd) patients. methods we designed a retrospective cohort study using adult patients (>19 years) with cd followed for at least one year at our inflammatory bowel disease center. vitamin d levels were divided into: low mean vitamin d level (< 30 ng/ml) vs appropriate mean vitamin d level (30-100 ng/ml). generalized poisson regression models (gpr) for rate data were used to estimate partially adjusted and fully adjusted incidence rate ratios (irr) of hospitalization among cd patients. we also examined irrs for vitamin d level as a continuous variable. results of the 880 cd patients, 196 patients with vitamin d level during the observation period were included. partially adjusted model demonstrated that cd patients with a low mean vitamin d level were almost twice more likely to be admitted (irr = 1.76, 95% ci: 1.38-2.24) compared to those with an appropriate vitamin d level. the fully adjusted model confirmed this association (irr = 1.44, 95% ci: 1.11-1.87). partially adjusted model with vitamin d level as a continuous variable demonstrated, higher mean vitamin d level was associated with a 3% lower likelihood of admission with every unit (ng/ml) rise in mean vitamin d level (irr = 0.97, 95% ci: 0.96-0.98). the fully adjusted model confirmed this association (irr = 0.98, 95% ci: 0.97-0.99). conclusion normal or adequate vitamin d stores may be protective in the clinical course of cd. however, this role needs to be further characterized and understood.
crohn's_disease	background: inflammatory bowel disease (ibd) occurs more frequently in patients with psoriasis. the 2 diseases have significant genetic overlap, but the pathogenesis underlying their co-occurrence is unknown. objective: we sought to report adjudicated ibd cases (crohn 's disease [cd] and ulcerative colitis [uc]) in patients exposed to ixekizumab, a high-affinity monoclonal antibody that selectively targets interleukin-17a. methods: adverse events (aes) integrated from 7 randomized controlled and uncontrolled trials were analyzed for the controlled induction period, controlled maintenance period, and all ixekizumab-treated patients. suspected ibd cases were reviewed by blinded external experts using internationally recognized criteria (registre epidemiologique des maladies de l'appareil digestif registry). results: in all, 4209 patients (6480 patient-exposure years) were exposed to ixekizumab. suspected cd (n = 12) or uc (n = 17) aes were reported; 19 were adjudicated as definite/probable ibd (cd, n = 7, incidence rate = 1.1/1000 patient-exposure years; uc, n = 12, incidence rate = 1.9/1000 patient-exposure years). among these, 3 occurred during induction (cd, n = 1; uc, n = 2) and 7 during maintenance (cd, n = 4; uc, n = 3). twelve of 16 patients with reported ibd history have not had an ibd treatment- emergent ae/serious ae to date. limitations: clinical review (adjudication) was not prespecified. ae data collected post-hoc may have been limited by length of time from occurrence. conclusion: from an integrated database of 7 ixekizumab psoriasis trials, cd and uc cases were uncommon
crohn's_disease	background and aim: limited data are available regarding mortality from inflammatory bowel disease in non-caucasian populations. herein, we evaluated overall and cause-specific mortality in a hospital-based cohort of korean inflammatory bowel disease patients. methods: we determined mortality in 2414 crohn 's disease patients and 2798 ulcerative colitis patients diagnosed between 1977 and 2013. standardized mortality ratios were calculated in several demographic and phenotypic subgroups. results: during the mean 9-year follow up, 114 patients died: 35 with crohn 's disease and 79 with ulcerative colitis. the overall standardized mortality ratios were 1.40 (95% confidence interval: 0.97-1.94) in crohn 's disease and 0.73 (0.58-0.91) in ulcerative colitis. in crohn 's disease, female sex, age10years, ileocolonic disease at diagnosis, perianal fistula, intestinal resection, and ever-use of corticosteroids were associated with higher mortality. in ulcerative colitis, male sex, age >= 30years at diagnosis, disease duration <= 5years, proctitis at diagnosis, and no history of colectomy were associated with lower mortality, while primary sclerosing cholangitis was associated with higher mortality. in both crohn 's disease and ulcerative colitis, high mortality rates due to nonmalignant gastrointestinal causes (standardized mortality ratios: 4.59 and 2.32, respectively) and gastrointestinal malignancies (standardized mortality ratios: 16.59 and 3.45, respectively) were observed. cardiovascular mortality was lower in ulcerative colitis (standardized mortality ratio: 0.47). conclusions: the overall mortality tended to be higher in crohn 's disease patients than in the general population; it was slightly lower in ulcerative colitis patients than in the general population.
crohn's_disease	bactericidal/permeability increasing protein (bpi) gene polymorphisms have been extensively investigated in terms of their associations with inflammatory bowel disease (ibd), with contradictory results. the aim of this meta-analysis was to evaluate associations between bpi gene polymorphisms and the risk of ibd, crohn 's disease (cd), and ulcerative colitis (uc). eligible studies from pubmed, embase, and cochrane library databases were identified. ten studies (five cd and five uc) published in five papers were included in this meta-analysis. g645a polymorphism was associated with a decreased risk of uc in allele model, dominant model, and homozygous model. our data suggested that bpi g645a polymorphism was associated with a decreased risk of uc; the bpi g645a polymorphism was not associated with the risk of cd.
crohn's_disease	background: a large body of evidence supports a central role of tlr5 and its natural ligand, flagellin, in crohn 's disease (cd), with the precise mechanism(s) still unresolved. methods: we investigated the role of flagellin/tlr5 in samp1/yitfc (samp) mice, a spontaneous model of crohn 's disease-like ileitis. results: ileal tlr5 and serum antiflagellin igg antibodies were increased in samp before the onset of inflammation and during established disease; these trends were abrogated in the absence of colonizing commensal bacteria. irradiated samp receiving either wild-type (akr) or samp bone marrow (bm) developed severe ileitis and displayed increased ileal tlr5 compared with akr recipients of either samp or akr bone marrow, neither of which conferred ileitis, suggesting that elevated tlr5 in native samp is derived primarily from a nonhematopoietic (e.g., epithelial) source. indeed, ileal epithelial tlr5 in preinflamed samp was increased compared with age-matched akr and germ-free samp. tlr5-specific ex vivo activation of samp ileal tissues decreased epithelial barrier resistance, indicative of increased permeability, and was accompanied by altered expression of the tight junction proteins, claudin-3, occludin, and zonula occludens-1. conclusions: our results provide evidence that aberrant, elevated tlr5 expression is present in the ileal epithelium of samp mice, is augmented in the presence of the gut microbiome, and that tlr5 activation in response to bacterial flagellin results in a deficiency to maintain appropriate epithelial barrier integrity. together, these findings represent a potential mechanistic pathway leading to the exacerbation and perpetuation of chronic gut inflammation in experimental ileitis and possibly, in patients with crohn 's disease.
crohn's_disease	background for many years, 'conventional' double contrast enteroclysis has been suggested as the technique of choice for the evaluation of the small intestine. computed tomography (ct) performed with oral and intravenous contrast material has a proven track record of depicting bowel wall and mesenteric abnormalities. ct enteroclysis was developed to overcome the individual deficiencies of ct and conventional enteroclysis and to combine the advantages of both barium enteroclysis and conventional abdominal ct examinations into one technique. the present study is a longitudinal study to evaluate the role of multi-detector row helical computed tomographic (ct) enteroclysis for the depiction of small bowel diseases in patients. aim of study-to prospectively evaluate the role of multi-detector row helical computed tomographic (mdct) enteroclysis for the depiction of small-bowel diseases. materials and methods study group-ct enteroclysis was done for 35 clinically suspected cases of small-bowel diseases referred to department of radiodiagnosis, yenepoya medical college, mangalore from october 2014 to september 2016. results of the 33 patients who underwent successful ct enteroclysis, positive findings were obtained in 16 patients (48.5%), and negative findings were obtained in 17 patients 51.56%). among the 16 patients, ct enteroclysis allowed the detection of small-bowel masses in 4 patients including 2 adenocarcinoma, 1 gastrointestinal stromal tumour and 1 lymphoma. ct enteroclysis demonstrated metastatic lymph nodes in 2 cases; small-bowel abnormalities in 12 patients including 4 patients with crohn 's disease and 2 patients with small-bowel tuberculosis. images demonstrated site and cause of small bowel obstruction in 2 cases and areas of stenosis in 12 cases with the mural and extramural inflammatory changes. conclusion ct enteroclysis is a fast, well-tolerated, and reliable imaging modality for the depiction of small-bowel diseases. this technique provides adequate small-bowel distension in a majority of patients. in addition, ct enteroclysis allows the detection of extraluminal disease and provides information relative to the entire abdomen that is not obtained with small-bowel follow-through or endoscopy.
crohn's_disease	the aim of our study was to investigate the effect of newly developed silver nanoparticle aqueous suspensions nanoag1 and nanoag2 in the mouse models mimicking ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease. nanoag1 and nanoag2 were synthesized in aqueous medium with the involvement of tannic acid. to elucidate their anti- inflammatory activity, semi-chronic mouse models of inflammation induced by dextrane sulfate sodium addition to drinking water and intracolonic (i.c.) administration of 2,4,6-trinitrobenzenesulfonic acid were used. nanoag1 and nanoag2 (500 mg/dm3, 100 mu l/animal, i.c., once daily) significantly ameliorated colitis in dextrane sulfate sodium- and 2,4,6-trinitrobenzenesulfonic acid-induced mouse models of colonic inflammation, as indicated by reduced macroscopic, ulcer and microscopic scores. the anti-inflammatory effect was dependent on the shape and diameter of silver nanoparticles, as indicated by weaker effect of nanoag1 than nanoag2. in addition, administration of nanoag2, but not nanoag1, modulated colonic microbiota, as indicated by reduced number of escherichia coli and clostridium perfringens, and increased number of lactobacillus sp. summarizing, nanoag1 and nanoag2 after administered i.c. effectively alleviate colitis in experimental models of ulcerative colitis and crohn 's disease in mice. therefore, nanoag1 and nanoag2 administered i.c. have the potential to become valuable agents for the treatment of inflammatory bowel diseases.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	farnesoid x receptor (fxr) activation by obeticholic acid (oca) has been demonstrated to inhibit inflammation and fibrosis development in liver, kidney and intestine in multiple disease models. fxr activation has also been demonstrated to suppress the inflammatory response and to promote lung repair after lung injury. this study investigated the protective effects of oca treatment (3 or 10 mg/kg/day) on inflammation, tissue remodeling and fibrosis in the bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis rat model. effects of oca treatment on morphological and molecular alterations of the lung, as well as remodeling of the alveoli and the right ventricle were also evaluated. lung function was assessed by measuring airway resistance to inflation. in the acute phase (7 days), bleomycin promoted an initial thickening and fibrosis of the lung interstitium, with upregulation of genes related to epithelial proliferation, tissue remodeling and hypoxia. at 28 days, an evident increase in the deposition of collagen in the lungs was observed. this excessive deposition was accompanied by an upregulation of transcripts related to the extracellular matrix (tgf(31, snai1 and snai2), indicating lung fibrosis. administration of oca protected against bleomycin-induced lung damage by suppressing molecular mechanisms related to epithelial-tomesenchymal transition (emt), inflammation and collagen deposition, with a dose-dependent reduction of proinflammatory cytokines such as il-113 and il-6, as well as tgf-131 and snail expression. pirfenidone, a recently approved treatment for idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf), significantly counteracted bleomycin-induced pro-fibrotic genes expression, but did not exert significant effects on il-1 beta and il-6. oca treatment in bleomycin-challenged rats also improved pulmonary function, by effectively normalizing airway resistance to inflation and lung stiffness in vivo. results with oca were similar, or even superior, to those obtained with pirfenidone. in conclusion, our results suggest an important protective effect of oca against bleomycin-induced lung fibrosis by blunting critical mediators in the pathogenesis of ipf. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf), the most common form of chronic interstitial lung disease, is a severe progressive fibrotic disorder of unknown aetiology. the disease has a heterogeneous clinical course, with frequent poor prognosis, similar to malignant disease. correctly diagnosing ipf has become particularly important in view of the availability of more precise therapeutic indications, thus avoiding steroid treatment and allowing new approaches with novel drugs. to date we have limited information about biomarkers predictive of progressive disease and associated complications. efforts should be made in the future to more appropriately study lung tissue and then to extrapolate the most clinically fitting biomarkers. this approach is already used in routine management of many cancers and provides a potential road map for more appropriate clinical care of ipf. this review will mainly focus on histology and etiopathogenesis highlighting some morphological and molecular features that may influence the overall management of ipf.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf) is a progressive interstitial lung disease with unclear etiology and poor prognosis. despite numerous studies on the pathogenesis of ipf, only scant treatment options are available for the management of ipf. glaucocalyxin a (gla), an ent-kaurane diterpenoid, has been demonstrated to exert anti-inflammatory, anti-neoplastic and anti-platelet activities. in this study, we evaluated the role of gla as an anti-fibrotic agent in bleomycin-induced pulmonary fibrosis in mice and investigated the underlying mechanisms by which gla attenuates lung fibrosis. intraperitoneal administration of gla (10 mg/kg) significantly reduced collagen deposition and hydroxyproline content in mouse lungs treated with bleomycin. importantly, gla significantly improved survival in bleomycin treated mice. in addition, gla reduced weight loss in mice that reflects cachexia due to pulmonary fibrosis. mechanistically, gla alleviated the infiltration of macrophages and neutrophils in lungs, attenuated the increases of proinflammatory cytokines in lung tissue and bronchoalveolar lavage fluid, and inhibited the activation of nf-kappa b in fibrotic lungs induced by bleomycin. these results provide evidence that gla can effectively ameliorate pulmonary fibrosis through the antagonism of leukocyte infiltration and proinflammatory cytokine production, suggesting that it may become a potential anti fibrotic agent in ipf management. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	background and objective: detailed body composition, such as fat-free mass, has not been examined in idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf). we investigated whether the fat-free mass index (ffmi), an index of lean body mass, predicted survival. methods: forty-four patients with ipf were enrolled in the study. their body composition was assessed using direct segmental multi-frequency bioelectrical impedance analysis. the degree of correlation between variables of body composition and other variables such as forced vital capacity (fvc) and survival was examined. results: there was a significant positive correlation between ffmi and fvc, diffusion capacity of the lung for carbon monoxide (dlco) and 6-min walk distance, and a significant negative correlation with age. however, there was no significant correlation between ffmi and percentage predicted fvc or dlco, with the degree of correlation being similar to that observed for bmi. the mean observation period in the survival analysis was 837.5 +/- 407.5 days. a univariate cox proportional hazard model showed that several variables, but not bmi, were associated significantly with survival. ffmi (hazard ratio (hr): 0.64, 95% ci: 0.43-0.94, p = 0.02) and percentage predicted fvc (hr: 0.96, 95% ci: 0.93-0.99, p= 0.008) were significant factors in a multivariate model. conclusion: we conclude that ffmi is a significant independent predictor of survival in patients with ipf.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	interstitial lung disease (ild) comprises a spectrum of chronic disorders that cause various degrees of inflammation or fibrosis in the pulmonary interstitium. although limited, data exists on nutritional concerns in ild. however, previous research has not fully explored the broad range of potential nutritional concerns in ild and impacts on outcomes. the purpose of this review was to identify and describe the overall nutritional status and relating concerns within the ild population. appropriate weight management in this population may positively impact both pre- and post-transplant survival. additionally, accounting for adequate muscle mass may predict better outcomes than considering body mass index alone. current research has identified risk of malnutrition related to decreased muscle strength, increased energy expenditure, vitamin d deficiency, and increased risk of osteoporosis and osteopenia. current research is preliminary and further research is necessary to identify established nutritional complications in this population.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	background: avian antigen is a common cause of hypersensitivity pneumonitis (hp). inhalation challenge with pigeon serum and pigeon dropping extract (pde) elicits a hypersensitivity reaction in patients with bird-related hypersensitivity pneumonitis (brhp), but the antigenic components in these materials have yet to be fully elucidated. method: pigeon serum, pigeon intestine homogenates, and pde were immunoblotted with serum samples from 8 patients with brhp, 2 patients with summer-type hp, 2 patients with humidifier lung, and 3 healthy volunteers. among the protein spots found in both pigeon serum and pde, those that reacted with sera from brhp patients were identified by mass spectrometry. immunoassays using recombinant protein were performed to confirm the antigenicity of the identified protein. cytokine production by peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmcs) stimulated with recombinant protein was also assessed. results: immunoglobulin lambda-like polypeptide-1 (igll-1) was identified from all spots on 2-de immunoblots of both pigeon serum and pde. the brhp patients exhibited higher levels of serum igg antibody against the recombinant igll-1 (rigll-1) compared to the control subjects, as well as a stronger pbmcs proliferative response to rigll-1. cytokine production by pbmcs from brhp patients after rigll-1 exposure indicated that the protein could induce th1 prone immune responses: an increase in tnf-alpha and an absence of elevated il-10 production. conclusions: pigeon igll-1 was identified as the brhp antigen present in both pigeon serum and pde.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	background: idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf) is a devastating disease characterized by an unpredictable course. prognostic markers and disease activity markers are needed. the purpose of this single-center retrospective study was to evaluate the prognostic value of lung fluorodeoxyglucose ([f-18]-fdg) uptake assessed by standardized uptake value (suv), metabolic lung volume (mlv) and total lesion glycolysis (tlg) in patients with ipf. methods: we included 27 ipf patients (ipf group) and 15 patients with a gastrointestinal neuroendocrine tumor without thoracic involvement (control group). we quantified lung suv mean and suv max, mlv and tlg and assessed clinical data, high-resolution ct (hrct) fibrosis and ground-glass score; lung function; gender, age, physiology (gap) stage at inclusion and during follow-up; and survival. results: lung suv mean and suv max were higher in ipf patients than controls (p < 0.00001). for patients with ipf, suv mean, suv max, mlv and tlg were correlated with severity of lung involvement as measured by a decline in forced vital capacity (fvc) and diffusing capacity of the lungs for carbon monoxide (dlco) and increased gap score. in a univariate and in a multivariate cox proportional-hazards model, risk of death was increased although not significantly with high suv mean. on univariate analysis, risk of death was significantly associated with high tlg and mlv, which disappeared after adjustment functional variables or gap index. increased mlv and tlg were independent predictors of death or disease progression during the 12 months after pet scan completion (for every 100-point increase in tlg, hazard ratio [hr]: 1.11 (95% ci 1.06; 1.36), p = 0.003; for every 100-point increase in mlv, hr: 1.20 (1.04; 1.19), p = 0.002). on multivariable analysis including tlg or mlv with age, fvc, and dlco or gap index, tlg and mlv remained associated with progression-free survival (hr: 1.1 [1.03; 1.22], p = 0.01; and 1.13 [1.0; 1.2], p = 0.005). conclusion: fdg lung uptake may be a marker of ipf severity and predict progression-free survival for patients with ipf.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf) is a progressive lung disease characterized by chronic inflammation, fibroblast proliferation and extracellular matrix deposition. however, the molecular and cellular mechanisms underlying the pathogenesis of pulmonary fibrosis remain to be fully elucidated. the contribution of the phosphoinositide 3-kinase (pi3k)/protein kinase b (akt) pathway in fibrotic processes remains to be investigated. the aim of the present study was to investigate the role of the pi3k/akt pathway in pulmonary fibrosis. a rat model of pulmonary fibrosis was induced by intratracheal administration of bleomycin (blm), and a specific pi3k/akt inhibitor, ly294002, was used to assess the role of the pi3k/akt pathway in fibrogenesis. the inflammatory and fibrotic alterations in the lung tissues were evaluated using histological staining and the hydroxyproline assay. in addition, the concentration of cytokines in bronchoalveolar lavage fluid and the expression of akt, phosphorylated (p-)akt, epithelial cadherin, a smooth muscle actin and vimentin in lung tissues. the data demonstrated that an increase in the expression levels of p-akt was involved in the progression of pulmonary fibrosis and contributed to fibrogenesis. administration of the akt inhibitor significantly attenuated inflammation and fibrosis, which was accompanied by a reversal of lung fibrosis-associated epithelial-mesenchymal transition. taken together, these observations suggest that the pi3k/akt pathway serves a central role in the pathophysiology of lung fibrosis, and is a promising therapeutic target.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	human amnion epithelial cells (haecs) have been shown to possess potent immunomodulatory properties across a number of disease models. recently, we reported that haecs influence macrophage polarization and activity, and that this step was dependent on regulatory t cells. in this study, we aimed to assess the effects of haec-derived proresolution lipoxin-a(4) (lxa4) on t-cell, macrophage, and neutrophil phenotype and function during the acute phase of bleomycin-induced lung injury. using c57bl6 mice, we administered 4 million haecs intraperitoneally 24 hours after bleomycin challenge. outcomes were measured at days 3, 5, and 7. haec administration resulted in significant changes to t-cell, macrophage, dendritic cell, and monocyte/macrophage infiltration and phenotypes. endogenous levels of lipoxygenases, lxa4, and the lipoxin receptor fpr2 were elevated in haec-treated animals. furthermore, we showed that the effects of haecs on macrophage phagocytic activity and t-cell suppression are lxa4 dependent, whereas the inhibition of neutrophil-derived myleoperoxidase by haecs is independent of lxa4. this study provides the first evidence that lipid-based mediators contribute to the immunomodulatory effects of haecs and further supports the growing body of evidence that lxa4 is proresolutionary in lung injury. this discovery of lxa4-dependent communication between haecs, macrophages, t cells, and neutrophils is important to the understanding of haec biodynamics and would be expected to inform future clinical applications.
idiopathic_pulmonary_fibrosis	setting : despite the clinical importance of idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis (ipf), its epidemiology has been rarely reported. the economic burden from ipf is therefore difficult to predict. objective: to analyse the health care burden and current situation with respect to medical resource utilisation in patients with ipf in korea. methods: we analysed nationwide data collected between 2009 and 2013 from the korean health insurance review and assessment (hira) database. patients with ipf were defined by the k-j84.18 code of the korean classification of disease, 6th revision. results: the total direct health care costs increased from us$19 805 167 in 2009 to us$31 410 083 in 2013; the principal factor responsible for the highest proportion of costs was hospitalisation. the proportion of the total ipf patient population who were hospitalised at least once a year was 27.2%, and the average length of hospital stay was 12.7 days. from post-hoc analysis, hospital admission, emergency room visit and intensive care unit admission rates showed significant seasonal variations; the admission rates were highest in the spring and lowest in autumn. conclusions: health care costs of ipf are increasing annually, with hospital admissions representing the major financial burden.
mental_health	this paper describes research on the design of behavioral and mental health facilities. using input from clinical staff, the purpose of the study was four-fold: to develop and test a tool for the evaluation of mental and behavioral health (mbh) facilities, to evaluate the importance and effectiveness of specific environmental qualities and features, to generate design guidelines for mbh facilities, and to make recommendations for future research. a draft version of a tool that was intended to measure the importance and effectiveness of environmental qualities and features in mbh facilities was developed using a multi methods approach. this survey, the psychiatric staff environmental design (psed) tool, was distributed to psychiatric nursing organization members (n = 134). the researchers determined that the psed was suitable for future research with minor modifications. other findings included staff support for private patient rooms, staff recognition of the critical role of positive distraction, and the importance of aesthetics. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
mental_health	objectivethe aim of this research was to explore the transition pathways of transition-aged youth out of child and adolescent mental health services in perth, western australia. a secondary aim was to identify factors that have some impact upon the transition process. methodcases discharged from seven child and adolescent mental health community clinics in the perth metropolitan area, from 1 june 2004 to 30 june 2013, at transition age (16-25 years of age), were examined retrospectively. two hundred and forty-five cases met the selection criteria and were reviewed on the psychiatric services online information system. resultsfour specific pathways of referral and acceptance into an adult mental health service were identified: not referred, referred with immediate engagement, referred with delayed engagement, and referred with no engagement and not accepted. principal discharge diagnosis, length of stay, and housing situation on discharge were all found to influence likelihood of referral. only principal discharge diagnosis was found to influence successful acceptance into an adult mental health service. conclusionsthe factors found to influence transition pathways in the present study were largely consistent with findings from the uk. findings of the present research can assist clinicians to make more informed decisions when discussing transition with clients. more broadly, findings can be used by policy makers to support the formation and maintenance of transition protocols.
mental_health	this study explored aged care support workers' perceptions of how their health was influenced by their job, highlighting similarities and differences of those working in community-based and institution-based care. support workers working in two institution-based and three community-based aged care organisations were invited to participate. semi-structured interviews were undertaken with ten participants. open-ended questions probed participants' perceptions of their health as it related to their work. data were analysed with the general inductive approach. four central themes were identified, many of which related to mental, as opposed to physical health. love of the job' described various sources of satisfaction for participants. these factors commonly overrode the negative aspects. stress' encompassed the negative influences on all aspects of health. support' described the positive influences on health, which supported participants in their job. physicality' described the physical nature of the job and the positive and negative impact this had on participants' health. support workers perform numerous tasks, which often impact upon their health. aspects of the job that may impact the health of the worker are improved communication and support from management, as well as recognition for support workers' contribution to society. these could be targeted to enhance support worker health. additional training and reduced time pressure may also represent aspects for improvement, to optimise support workers' physical health.
mental_health	the test of a well-functioning housing system is the wellbeing of its occupants. it may therefore seem encouraging that in jurisdictions dominated by mortgage-backed home ownership, owner-occupiers traditionally report better physical and mental health than renters. during the 2000s, however, in an era of financial crisis, wellbeing at the edges of ownership came under strain. using data from two national panel surveys - the survey of household, income and labour dynamics in australia, and the british household panel survey (with its successor, understanding society) we track the wellbeing of households who sustained one or more spells of home ownership in the decade to 2010. we estimate log-log regression models of mental wellbeing for each country, documenting (with an appropriate range of controls) the effects of both tenure transitions (between ownership and renting) and some associated financial transactions (anchored on mortgage debt). we find: a wellbeing premium associated with outright ownership and a debteffect among mortgagors; a wellbeing deficit among those who drop out of owner-occupation, with partial recovery where exit is enduring; and for leavers especially, a wellbeing cost to equity borrowing. cross-national differences have an institutional explanation, but similarities relating to the character and regulation of mortgage markets are more striking.
mental_health	child to parent violence (cpv) involves continual and cumulative abusive actions perpetrated by children and adolescents towards their parents or caregivers. this abuse produces short-term distress and ongoing long-term harmful consequences for parents and their families. practitioners, researchers and policy-makers are increasingly challenged to identify, conceptualize and respond to this form of family violence. a major challenge is that parents and caregivers under-report this abuse so there is a lack of awareness and understanding of their psychological experiences in relation to cpv. this research adopts an interpretative phenomenological approach to explore the psychological experience of cpv. interviews were conducted with six new zealand mothers and two grandmothers who all experienced cpv. this abuse was experienced as an 'emotional bloody roller coaster' of unconditional love through to hatred; as 'judgement' - self-blame and others' blame of their parenting skills; and the 'absent father' in their adolescents' lives was drawn on as an explanation for the abuse. taken together, these psychological experiences identify the silencing of cpv is related to parents' conflicting emotions towards their children, their thoughts and feelings about themselves and how other people view them, and the impact of an absent father figure in their children 's everyday lives.
mental_health	there is compelling evidence that teachers and clergy are stressful occupations. this study aimed to compare the rate of job strain and burnout among lay and consecrated teachers and to study the effect of religious coping on the mental health of these two groups. a cross-sectional survey study was carried out in catholic kindergarten, preschool and primary schools of an italian congregation of nuns, in south italy. the italian versions of the maslach burnout inventory-educator survey (mbi-es) scale, of the general health questionnaire (ghq-12) and a study-specific questionnaire with sociodemographic variables and indicators of subjective (self-reported religiosity) and objective (prayer personal and church attendance) religiousness were used. data were analyzed according to the guidelines for data processing and an analysis of the scales used. the participation rate of this study was 88 %. there was a significant difference between two groups in religiousness and job strain/burnout scores (lay teachers were the most affected group). moreover, religiousness scores had a positive correlation with personal accomplishment, job satisfaction and perceived performance and a negative correlation with emotional exhaustion, turnover intention and morbidity psychiatric. therefore, according to religious coping 's research, prayer personal and church attendance can be recommended as two of the ways to prevent job strain and burnout in the teacher work.
mental_health	the current paper provides an overview of the history and development of mental health services with special emphasis on psychotherapy in china. recent epidemiological surveys have revealed high prevalence rates of mental disorders that translate into a huge demand for mental health care. the chinese government responds to such demand by increasing the number and types of mental health professionals in delivering mental health interventions, one of which is cognitive behavioural therapy (cbt). due to unique chinese cultural values, cbt needs to be adapted to these values so as to enhance its acceptability by chinese people. furthermore, training and supervision of chinese therapists require some cultural adaptation in therapist 's training and supervision skills. this paper concludes by providing some specific recommendations on improving the quality and accessibility of cbt in china.
mental_health	background. chinese psychiatrists have gradually started to focus on those who are deemed to be at clinical high-risk (chr)' for psychosis; however, it is still unknown how often those individuals identified as chr from a different country background than previously studied would transition to psychosis. the objectives of this study are to examine baseline characteristics and the timing of symptom onset, help-seeking, or transition to psychosis over a 2-year period in china. method. the presence of chr was determined with the structured interview for prodromal syndromes (sips) at the participants' first visit to the mental health services. a total of 86 (of 117) chr participants completed the clinical follow-up of at least 2 years (73.5%). conversion was determined using the criteria of presence of psychotic symptoms (in sips). analyses examined baseline demographic and clinical predictors of psychosis and trajectory of symptoms over time. survival analysis (kaplan-meier) methods along with log-rank tests were performed to illustrate the relationship of baseline data to either conversion or non-conversion over time. cox regression was performed to identify baseline predictors of conversion by the 2-year follow-up. results. in total 25 (29.1%) of 86 completers transitioned to a psychotic disorder over the course of follow-up. among the chr sample, the mean time between attenuated symptom onset and professional help-seeking was about 4 months on average, and converters developed fully psychotic symptoms about 12 months after symptom onset. compared with those chr participants whose risk syndromes remitted over the course of the study, converters had significantly longer delays (p = 0.029) for their first visit to a professional in search of help. at baseline assessment, the conversion subgroup was younger, had poorer functioning, higher total sips positive symptom scores, longer duration of untreated prodromal symptoms, and were more often given psychosis-related diagnoses and subsequently prescribed antipsychotics in the clinic. conclusions. chinese chr identified primarily by a novel clinical screening approach had a 2-year transition rate comparable with those of specialised help-seeking samples world-wide. early clinical intervention with this functionally deteriorating clinical population who are suffering from attenuated psychotic symptoms, is a next step in applying the chr construct in china.
mental_health	intimate partner abuse (ipa), a major social problem, can lead to mental health conditions and is implicated in 30 % of female and 5 % of male homicide deaths. we hypothesized that due to distinct relationship structures and power dynamics which are immersed in varying sociocultural contexts, victims of male-male, female-female and female-male dyads experience different patterns of ipa. our objectives were: (1) to examine the demographic and clinical characteristics of victims of male victim-male abuser (m-m), female victim-male abuser (f-m), male victim-female abuser (m-f), and female victim-female abuser (f-f) dyads. (2) to compare patterns of ipa reported by the victims in these groups. out of 397 subjects in the general population that attempted this internet-based study, 214 english-speaking subjects were older than 18 years, had experienced ipa, and provided complete information for the analysis. victims of ipa were screened and specific methods of abuse were evaluated. m-ms were significantly more educated (70 %) than other groups. f-fs experienced more abuse before age 18 by a parent or relative. f-fs experienced the most physical abuse while m-ms the least (p = 0.004). physical abuse or threats of abuse in front of children was reported more in f-fs (p < 0.01) and least in m-ms. ipa patterns differ significantly with f-fs presenting the most physical profile and m-ms presenting the least.
mental_health	how does wartime violence affect public attitudes toward the government in the long run? in this paper, we examine whether violence against civilians during the korean war continues to influence people 's attitudes toward the south korean government more than half a century later. we find that wartime violence has clear long-term attitudinal effects. using a difference-in-differences analysis that compares the cohorts born before and after the war, the findings indicate that people who experienced violence in their childhood (0-5 years) are less supportive of the south korean government, especially the administration and the military, compared with those born in the same areas during the 5 years after the war. we argue that the gap between pre- and post-war cohorts is generated by the long-lasting trauma of wartime violence and the social stigma imposed on violence victims after the war.
dementia	background. cognitive impairment is the gradual loss of one 's ability to learn, remember, pay attention, and make decisions. cognitively impaired elderly people are a challenging patient population for dental health care professionals and may be at higher risk of developing oral health diseases. the authors systematically reviewed interventions effective at improving dental health in patients with cognitive impairment and described research gaps remaining. types of studies reviewed. in a comprehensive search of multiple databases, the authors identified 2,255 studies published in the english language from 1995 through march 2016. the authors included studies if the investigators evaluated oral health measures after an intervention in patients 65 years or older with cognitive impairment or dementia. nine full-text articles met the criteria for inclusion. results. only 1 study was a randomized control trial, whereas all others lacked appropriate controls. investigators studied the effects of dental treatments, battery-powered devices for oral hygiene, and training of care staff members. most interventions improved some aspect of the oral health of patients with dementia, and results were more pronounced when patients required assistance while performing oral hygiene tasks or had poor oral health at baseline. conclusions and practical implications. a basic care plan for patients with dementia should, at the minimum, match prevention strategies recommended for healthy elderly patients. dental health care professionals should promote oral hygiene education for caregivers for elderly patients with cognitive impairment. there is a wide gap in knowledge regarding effective methods specifically to improve oral health in patients with dementia.
dementia	background: the relative performance of semi-quantitative amyloid positron emission tomography (pet) and cerebrospinal fluid (csf) markers in diagnosing alzheimer 's disease (ad) and predicting the cognitive evolution of patients with mild cognitive impairment (mci) is still debated. methods: subjects from the alzheimer 's disease neuroimaging initiative 2 with complete baseline cognitive assessment (mini mental state examination, clinical dementia rating [cdr] and alzheimer 's disease assessment scale-cognitive subscale [adas-cog] scores), csf collection (amyloid-beta(1-42) [a beta], tau and phosphorylated tau) and f-18-florbetapir scans were included in our cross-sectional cohort. among these, patients with mci or substantial memory complaints constituted our longitudinal cohort and were followed for 30 +/- 16 months. pet amyloid deposition was quantified using relative retention indices (standardised uptake value ratio [suvr]) with respect to pontine, cerebellar and composite reference regions. diagnostic and prognostic performance based on pet and csf was evaluated using roc analysis, multivariate linear regression and survival analysis with the cox proportional hazards model. results: the cross-sectional study included 677 participants and revealed that pontine and composite suvr values were better classifiers (auc 0.88, diagnostic accuracy 85%) than csf markers (auc 0.83 and 0.85, accuracy 80% and 75%, for a beta and tau, respectively). suvr was a strong independent determinant of cognition in multivariate regression, whereas a beta was not; tau was also a determinant, but to a lesser degree. among the 396 patients from the longitudinal study, 82 (21%) converted to ad within 22 +/- 13 months. optimal suvr thresholds to differentiate ad converters were quite similar to those of the cross-sectional study. composite suvr was the best ad classifier (auc 0.86, sensitivity 88%, specificity 81%). in multivariate regression, baseline cognition (cdr and adas-cog) was the main predictor of subsequent cognitive decline. pontine and composite suvr were moderate but independent predictors of final status and cdr/adas-cog progression rate, whereas baseline csf markers had a marginal influence. the adjusted hrs for ad conversion were 3.8 (p = 0.01) for pet profile, 1.2 (p=ns) for a beta profile and 1.8 (p = 0.03) for tau profile. conclusions: semi-quantitative amyloid pet appears more powerful than csf markers for ad grading and mci prognosis in terms of cognitive decline and ad conversion.
dementia	background: this study was designed to explore the beneficial effects of environmental enrichment (ee) on white matter glial changes in a mouse model of chronic cerebral hypoperfusion induced by bilateral common carotid artery stenosis (bcas). methods: a total of 74 wild-type male c57bl/6j mice underwent bcas or sham surgery. one week after surgery, the mice were randomly assigned into three different groups having varied amounts of ee-standard housing with no ee conditions (std), limited exposure with 3 h ee a day (3 h) and full-time exposure to ee (full) for 12 weeks. at 16 weeks after bcas surgery, behavioural and cognitive function were assessed prior to euthanasia. brain tissues were analysed for the degree of gliosis including morphological changes in astrocytes and microglia. results: chronic cerebral hypoperfusion (or bcas) increased clasmatodendrocytes (damaged astrocytes) with disruption of aquaporin-4 immunoreactivity and an increased degree of microglial activation/proliferation. bcas also impaired behavioural and cognitive function. these changes were significantly attenuated, by limited exposure compared to full-time exposure to ee. conclusions: our results suggest that moderate or limited exposure to ee substantially reduced glial damage/activation. our findings also suggest moderate rather than continuous exposure to ee is beneficial for patients with subcortical ischaemic vascular dementia characterised by white matter disease-related inflammation.
dementia	herod the great was appointed ""king of jews,"" to govern judea, by the roman emperor and senate. he lived from 73/74 bce to 4 ce. he died with an illness and symptoms that have been the source of considerable speculation. richard strauss depicted herod in his classic opera, ""salome."" that opera was derived from a play of the same name by oscar wilde, which was based on an 1876 painting, ""salome dancing before herod,"" by gustave moreau. the operatic herod was afflicted with an illness characterized by dementia, hallucinations, paranoia, alcoholism (from drinking the emperor 's wine), violence, twitches, and sterility; different interpretations showed him also with falls, chills, shaking, thirst, forgetfulness, and sleepiness, for which we suggest the novel diagnosis of chronic lead intoxication (which can manifest to rheumatologists as saturnine gout). he had compatible symptoms (encephalopathy and neuromuscular abnormalities) and consumed excessive quantities of imperial wine, known to be highly contaminated with lead and likely associated with similar symptoms among roman aristocracy. herod 's demented cruelties-an oppressive reign which including the beheading of john the baptist-exacerbated the political climate and may have contributed to the subsequent violent 7-year revolt culminating in the destruction of the second temple. how different might history have been if herod the great had been abstemious?.
dementia	objective: challenging differential diagnosis background: basal ganglia calcification (bgc) is a rare sporadic or hereditary central nervous system (cns) abnormality, characterized by symmetric or asymmetric calcification of the basal ganglia. case report: we report the case of a 65-year-old gypsy female who was admitted for a tetanic seizure, and who had a history of polyneuropathy, restless-leg syndrome, retinopathy, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, osteoporosis with consecutive hyperkyphosis, cervicalgia, lumbalgia, struma nodosa requiring thyroidectomy and consecutive hypothyroidism, adipositas, resection of a vocal chord polyp, arterial hypertension, coronary heart disease, atheromatosis of the aorta, peripheral artery disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, steatosis hepatis, mild renal insufficiency, long-term hypocalcemia, hyperphosphatemia, impingement syndrome, spondylarthrosis of the lumbar spine, and hysterectomy. history and clinical presentation suggested a mitochondrial defect which also manifested as hypoparathyroidism or fanconi syndrome resulting in bgc. after substitution of calcium, no further tetanic seizures occurred. conclusions: patients with bgc should be investigated for a mitochondrial disorder. a mitochondrial disorder may also manifest as tetanic seizure.
dementia	objectives: intraindividual variability (iiv) in reaction time refers to the trial-to-trial fluctuations in responding across a given cognitive task. cross-sectional research suggests that iiv increases with normal and neuropathological ageing and it may serve as a marker of neurobiological integrity. this raises the possibility that iiv may also predict future cognitive decline and, indeed, neuropathology. therefore, we conducted a systematic review to address these issues. methods: a search of electronic databases embase, medline, psycinfo, and web of science was completed on may 17, 2016 that identified longitudinal investigations of iiv in middle-aged or older adults. results: a total of 688 studies were initially identified of which 22 met the inclusion criteria. nine included longitudinal iiv measures and 17 predicted subsequent outcome (cognitive decline or impairment, dementia, mortality) from baseline iiv. the results suggested iiv increased over time, particularly in participants aged over 75 years. greater baseline iiv was consistently associated with increased risk of adverse outcomes including cognitive decline or impairment, and mortality. conclusions: increased iiv over time is associated with normal ageing. however, further increases in iiv over and above those found in normal ageing may be a risk factor for future cognitive impairment or mortality. measures of iiv may, therefore, have considerable potential as a supplement to existing clinical assessment to aid identification of individuals at risk of adverse outcomes such as dementia or death.
dementia	in recent years, chchd2 and chchd10 mutations were reported to be associated with a broad spectrum of neurodegenerative diseases, including parkinson 's disease ( pd), although with conflicting results in different populations. the present study aimed to evaluate chchd2 and chchd10 coding variants in italian patients with pd. all the coding regions and flanking intronic splice sites of chchd2 and chchd10 were sequenced. none of our 119 pd cases carried chchd2 mutations, whereas 1 sporadic pd patient showed the pro34ser substitution in chchd10. our data suggest that chchd2 and chcdh10 mutations are not a relevant cause of pd in italian population. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
dementia	the insula and the anterior cingulate cortex are core brain regions that anchor the salience network, one of several large-scale intrinsic functional connectivity networks that have been derived consistently using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fmri). while several studies have shown that the insula and anterior cingulate cortex play important roles in interoceptive awareness, no study to date has examined the association between intrinsic salience network connectivity and interoceptive awareness. in this study, we sought to test this idea in 26 healthy young participants who underwent a resting-state fmri scan and a heartbeat counting task outside the scanner in the same session. greater salience network connectivity in the posterior insula (but not the anterior cingulate cortex) using independent component analysis correlated with higher accuracy in the heartbeat counting task. furthermore, using seed-based approach, greater interoceptive accuracy was associated with greater intrinsic connectivity of all insular functional subdivisions to salience network regions, including the anterior insula, orbitofrontal cortex, ventral striatum and midbrain. these associations remained after correcting for voxel-wise grey matter volumes. the findings underscore the critical role of insular salience network intrinsic connectivity in interoceptive awareness and pave the way for future investigations into how salience network dysconnectivity affects interoceptive awareness in brain disorders.
dementia	abnormal accumulation of tdp-43 into cytoplasmic or nuclear inclusions with accompanying nuclear clearance, a common pathology initially identified in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als) and frontotemporal dementia (ftd), has also been found in alzheimer' disease (ad). tdp-43 serves as a splicing repressor of non-conserved cryptic exons and that such function is compromised in brains of als and ftd patients, suggesting that nuclear clearance of tdp-43 underlies its inability to repress cryptic exons. however, whether tdp-43 cytoplasmic aggregates are a prerequisite for the incorporation of cryptic exons is not known. here, we assessed hippocampal tissues from 34 human postmortem brains including cases with confirmed diagnosis of ad neuropathologic changes along with age-matched controls. we found that cryptic exon incorporation occurred in all ad cases exhibiting tdp-43 pathology. furthermore, incorporation of cryptic exons was observed in the hippocampus when tdp-43 inclusions was restricted only to the amygdala, the earliest stage of tdp-43 progression. importantly, cryptic exon incorporation could be detected in ad brains lacking tdp-43 inclusion but exhibiting nuclear clearance of tdp-43. these data supports the notion that the functional consequence of nuclear depletion of tdp-43 as determined by cryptic exon incorporation likely occurs as an early event of tdp-43 proteinopathy and may have greater contribution to the pathogenesis of ad than currently appreciated. early detection and effective repression of cryptic exons in ad patients may offer important diagnostic and therapeutic implications for this devastating illness of the elderly.
dementia	background: the organization of long-term care is one of the main challenges of public health and health policies in europe and worldwide, especially in terms of care concepts for people with dementia. in austria and the czech republic the majority of elderly institutionalized persons with dementia are cared for in nursing homes. it is however unclear, how many persons living in nursing homes in austria and in the czech republic are suffering from cognitive impairment and dementia. in addition, basic information on the nutritional status, the status of mobility and the medication prescription patterns are often missing. to facilitate new effective and evidenced based care concepts, basic epidemiological data are in urgent need. thus, demdata was initiated to provide important basic data on persons living in nursing homes in austria and the czech republic for future care planning. methods: demdata is a multicentre mixed methods cross-sectional study. stratified and randomly drawn nursing homes in austria and the czech republic are surveyed. the study protocol used in both study centres assesses four different domains: a) resident, b) care team, c) relative and d) environmental factors. resident 's data include among others health status, cognition, dementia, mobility, nutrition, behavioural symptoms, pain intensity and quality of life. a minimum of 500 residents per country are included into the study (n= 1000 residents). the care team is asked about the use of the person-centred care and their burden. the relatives are asked about the number of visits and proxy-rate the quality of life of their family member. all staff employed in the nursing homes, all residents and relatives can voluntary take part in the study. the environmental factors include among others the organisational category of the nursing home, number of residents, number of rooms, social activities and the care concept. the project started in march 2016 and will be concluded in february 2018. discussion: demdata will provide important epidemiological data on four different nursing home domains in austria and the czech republic, with a focus on the prevalence of dementia in this population. thereby supplying decision and policy makers with important foundation for future care planning.
rheumatoid_arthritis	some evidences suggest that obesity impairs the effectiveness of tnf inhibitors. we examined the impact of body mass index (bmi) on the clinical effectiveness of abatacept in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) patients. this is a pooled analysis of 10 prospective cohorts of ra patients. all patients with available bmi were included in this study. the primary endpoint was drug retention of abatacept in the different bmi categories. multivariable cox regression was used to estimate hazard ratios (hrs) for drug discontinuation. a secondary endpoint was eular/lundex response rates at 6/12 months. of the 2015 ra patients initiating therapy with iv abatacept, 380 (18.9%) were classified as obese. obese patients had more functional disability, and were less often rf positive. the median abatacept retention time was 1.91 years for obese ra patients compared to 2.12 years for non-obese patients (p = 0.15). the risk of abatacept discontinuation was not significantly different for overweight (hr 1.03 (95% ci 0.89-1.19)), or for obese (hr 1.08 (95% ci 0.89-1.30)) compared to normal-weight patients. rheumatoid factor positivity reduced the risk of abatacept discontinuation (hr 0.83 (95% ci 0.72-0.95)), while previous biologic therapy was positively associated with drug interruption (hrs increasing from 1.68 to 2.16 with the line of treatments). obese and non-obese patients attained similar rates of eular/lundex clinical response at 6/12 months. drug retention and clinical response rates to abatacept do not seem to be decreased by obesity in ra patients.
rheumatoid_arthritis	purposemedication error is a significant source of morbidity and mortality among patients. clinical and cost-effectiveness evidence are required for the implementation of quality of care interventions. reduction of error-related cost is a key potential benefit of interventions addressing medication error. the aim of this review was to describe and quantify the economic burden associated with medication error. methodspubmed, cochrane, embase, cinahl, econlit, abi/inform, business source complete were searched. studies published 2004-2016 assessing the economic impact of medication error were included. cost values were expressed in euro 2015. a narrative synthesis was performed. resultsa total of 4572 articles were identified from database searching, and 16 were included in the review. one study met all applicable quality criteria. fifteen studies expressed economic impact in monetary terms. mean cost per error per study ranged from euro2.58 to euro111727.08. healthcare costs were used to measure economic impact in 15 of the included studies with one study measuring litigation costs. four studies included costs incurred in primary care with the remaining 12 measuring hospital costs. five studies looked at general medication error in a general population with 11 studies reporting the economic impact of an individual type of medication error or error within a specific patient population. conclusionsconsiderable variability existed between studies in terms of financial cost, patients, settings and errors included. many were of poor quality. assessment of economic impact was conducted predominantly in the hospital setting with little assessment of primary care impact. limited parameters were used to establish economic impact. copyright (c) 2017 john wiley & sons, ltd.
rheumatoid_arthritis	what is known and objectivekaposi 's sarcoma (ks) is a malignant neoplasm caused by hhv-8, a pathogen that leads to endothelial cell transformation when host defences are weakened. case descriptionhere we report the first case of ks during treatment with abatacept, a biologic agent targeting t-cell costimulation. the patient was a 64-year-old female with rheumatoid arthritis who developed multiple firm, purple-reddish nodules on the dorsal aspect of the right hand. histological examination confirmed ks. what is new and conclusionalthough a direct causal relationship between ks development and abatacept treatment cannot be proved, we hypothesize a role for costimulation blockade.
rheumatoid_arthritis	autoimmune diseases are characterized by aberrant immune responses against healthy cells and tissues. however, the exact mechanisms underlying the development of these conditions remain unknown. cd4+cd25+ regulatory t cells (tregs) are a subset of mature t cells which have an important role in maintaining immune homeostasis and preventing autoimmune diseases. forkhead box p3 (foxp3), a member of the fork head transcription factor family, is recognized as a marker of cd4+cd25+ tregs. the decreased number and/or function of cd4+cd25+ tregs in peripheral blood and related tissues has been demonstrated in systemic lupus erythematosus, systemic sclerosis, and other autoimmune diseases, which are at least partially regulated by epigenetic mechanisms. epigenetics refers to the study of potentially heritable alterations in gene expression without underlying changes of the nucleotide sequence, mainly including dna methylation, histone modification, and micrornas (mirnas). for example, dna methylation status of cpg islands on the foxp3 gene, which may be affected by normal aging and regulated by environmental factors, plays an important role in modulating the homeostasis of foxp3 expression in tregs. foxp3 gene in tregs also shows distinct acetylation and trimethylation levels of histone h3 and h4 when compared with effector t cells, leading to an open chromatin structure. micrornas such as mir-155, mir-126, and mir-10a also exert an important influence on the differentiation, development, and immunological functions of tregs. aberrant epigenetic modifications affecting foxp3 and other key genes in tregs contribute to disease activity and tissue inflammation in autoimmune diseases, which holds great potential for providing novel targets for epigenetic therapies. advances in research into the epigenetic regulation of cd4+cd25+ tregs may also lead to the identification of new epigenetic biomarkers for diagnosis and prognosis.
rheumatoid_arthritis	objective: in aggregatibacter actinomycetemcomitans, different serotypes have been described based on lipopolysaccharide (lps) antigenicity. when t lymphocytes were stimulated with these serotypes, different patterns of t-helper (th)1 and th17-type of immune responses were reported. recently, two new th phenotypes have been described and named th9 and th22 lymphocytes; however, their role in the pathogenesis of periodontitis remains unclear. this study aimed to investigate the potential th9 and/or th22 lymphocyte responses when stimulated with autologous dendritic cells infected with different a. actinomycetemcomitans serotypes. methods: monocyte-derived dendritic cells and naive cd4(+) t lymphocytes were obtained from healthy donors and stimulated with different serotypes of a. actinomycetemcomitans at a multiplicity of infection moi = 10(2) or their purified lps (10-50 ng/ml). the levels for the th9 and th22-associated cytokines, as well as the transcription factor master-switch genes implied in their differentiation spi-b and ahr, were quantified by qpcr and elisa. results: when stimulated with the serotype b of a. actinomycetemcomitans, higher levels of interleukin (il)-6 and tumor necrosis factor (tnf)-alpha were detected in dendritic cells, as well as higher levels of il-22 and ahr were detected in t lymphocytes, when compared with stimulation with the other serotypes. conclusions: the serotype b of a. actinomycetemcomitans has a higher capacity of trigger th22-type of immune response in both dendritic cells and t lymphocytes. these data allow us to suggest that, when the serotype b of a. actinomycetemcomitans is a significant part of the subgingival biofilm, the th22 polarization might be triggered within the periodontal lesion. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
rheumatoid_arthritis	health services research uses increasingly data from health insurance funds. it is well known that the funds differ with regard to sociodemographic characteristics and morbidity. it is uncertain if there are also differences in the prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders. to compare the sociodemographic characteristics in various health insurance funds and the prevalence of joint disorders and chronic back pain. the 30(th) wave (2013) of the german socioeconomic panel served as a database. average age, sex distribution, nationality, education, and employment status were evaluated according to the health insurance funds. the prevalence of joint disorders and chronic back pain were also stratified according to the insurance funds and standardized according to age and sex. a total of 19,146 participants were included. most participants (4,934) were insured by aok, followed by bkk (2,632) and barmer gek (2,398). there were huge differences among the health insurance funds with regard to the sociodemographic characteristics. for example, the proportion of unemployed insurants was between 33.3 % (ikk) and 50.6 % (aok). the prevalence of joint disorders standardized according to age and sex (20.7 %; 95 % ci: 20.1-21.3) was between 17.4 % (95 % ci: 15.8-19.0; pkv) and 22.4 % (95 % ci: 21.1-23.6; aok). the prevalence of chronic back pain (18.0 %; 95 % ci: 17.4-18.5) was between 13.5 % (95 % ci: 12.2-14.9; pkv) and 20.6 % (95 % ci: 19.4-21.8; aok). there are differences in the prevalence of musculoskeletal disorders among health insurance funds. the extrapolation of analyses of one health insurance fund to the german population is thus limited.
rheumatoid_arthritis	background/purpose we examined the association between hydroxychloroquine (hcq) and plasma lipid and glucose levels in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) cohort. methods this is a retrospective cohort analysis of 1261 ra patients comparing fasting lipid profiles and plasma glucose between patients who were and were not taking hcq. we divided patients into 3 groups based on hcq exposure during follow-up: those who had never taken hcq, those who took it intermittently, and those who took it continuously. we used multivariable models and propensity scoring to compensate for the effect of nonrandom treatment assignment. results we followed 1261 ra patients for a total of 4605 observations between 1996 and 2014. after adjusting for age, sex, ethnicity, other disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (dmards), lipid-lowering medications, body mass index (bmi), and smoking, patients taking hcq at baseline had significantly lower total cholesterol (tc) (p 0.001), low-density lipoprotein (ldl) (p 0.001), triglycerides (p = 0.013), and lipid profile ratios tc/high-density lipoprotein (hdl) (p 0.001) and ldl/hdl (p 0.001), as well as higher hdl (p 0.001). in longitudinal analyses, after adjusting for confounders, patients who continuously took hcq showed significantly lower tc, ldl, tc/hdl, and ldl/hdl and higher hdl (p 0.01). fasting plasma glucose levels were not significantly associated with hcq exposure. conclusions hydroxychloroquine use was associated with lower lipid levels but not with the plasma glucose in this ra cohort. these findings support the need for a randomized trial to establish the role of hcq in cardiovascular disease prevention in ra patients.
rheumatoid_arthritis	autoimmune polyendocrinopathy with candidiasis and ectodermal dystrophy (apeced) is a rare disorder of immune dysregulation caused by mutations in the autoimmune regulator (aire) gene. individuals affected with apeced develop a clinical syndrome characterized by ectodermal abnormalities, autoantibody production, and organ-specific autoimmune manifestations. inflammatory arthritis is usually not described as a part of the syndrome, and only sporadic cases are reported. we describe the case of a preschool-age girl who presented with hypoparathyroidism, hepatitis, interstitial pneumonitis, and chronic polyarthritis at 4 years of age and was found to have two compound heterozygous disease-associated mutations in the aire gene. we also conducted a literature review of the main characteristics of inflammatory arthritis in apeced patients. our case and review demonstrate that (1) inflammatory arthritis, although rare, can be an early manifestation of apeced; (2) the diagnosis of apeced should be considered if mucocutaneous candidiasis, multiple organ-specific autoimmune manifestations, polyendocrinopathy, especially hypoparathyroidism or adrenal failure, or ectodermal dystrophy accompany joint symptoms; and (3) genotyping interpretation should take into account that mutations are found in the 14 exons of the gene, compound heterozygosity is common, and in some cases, only one or no mutated alleles are found.
rheumatoid_arthritis	systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) is an autoimmune disease characterized by extensive immune response, including over-activation of t and b cell development of pathogenic autoantibodies, organ damage induced by the formation and deposition of immune complex and the abnormal elevation of type i interferon. semaphorin5a (sema5a) is involved essentially in immune cell regulation and is also implicated in the pathogenesis of autoimmune disorders. we aimed to evaluate the role of sema5a in patients with sle. serum levels of sema5a were tested by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (elisa) in 152 sle patients and 48 healthy controls. the message ribonucleic acid (mrna) expression levels of sema5a and adam metallopeptidase domain 17 (adam17) in the peripheral blood mononuclear cells (pbmc) from 43 patients with sle and 19 healthy controls were detected by the real-time-quantitative polymerase chain reaction (qpcr). serum sema5a levels were increased significantly in sle patients compared with healthy controls (p < 0001). elevated levels of sema5a were correlated positively with 24-h proteinuria excretion (r=0558, p < 00001), sle disease activity index (sledai) (r=0278, p=00006) and c-reactive protein (crp) (r=0266, p=0002), but negatively with planet (plt) (r=-0294, p=00003) and complement 3 (c3) (r=-0287, p=00004) in sle patients. patients with elevated sema5a levels showed higher incidence of rash, serositis and nephritis (p < 005 or p < 0001). patients with decreased plt, c3 or positive for proteinuria also showed elevated sema5a (p < 0001 or p < 005). the mrna adam17 was increased in sle patients and correlated positively with serum sema5a levels. our data demonstrated that elevated serum sema5a in sle patients correlated with disease activity and are involved in kidney and blood system damage; adam17 might be involved in the release of secreted sema5a.
rheumatoid_arthritis	introduction: autonomic neuropathy (an), found to be a strong predictor of sudden cardiac death, has been reported variably in patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra). manifesting as sweating disturbances, gastrointestinal irregularities, bladder or erectile dysfunction, an can significantly affect a patient 's quality of life and alter the course of the disease. aim: this study was undertaken to find out the prevalence and severity of an in ra patients attending the rheumatology clinic at a tertiary care hospital in new delhi, india and also to investigate its correlation with patient and disease factors such as age, gender, disease severity, duration and serological status. materials and methods: in this cross-sectional study, an was assessed subjectively by a survey of autonomic symptoms. cardiac autonomic involvement was assessed by five cardiovascular reflex tests as described by ewing: heart rate (hr), response to deep breathing, standing, and valsalva and blood pressure (bp) response to standing and sustained handgrip. results: a total of 31 ra patients and 31 age and sex matched healthy volunteers were recruited. upon analysis it was found that the prevalence of cardiac an was significantly higher in patients (80.65%) as compared to controls (51.61%) (p=0.016). positive correlation with disease severity was observed with the patient reported questionnaire but not with the objective cardiovascular reflex tests. no significant correlation between grade of an and patient 's age, gender, disease duration or serological status was established. conclusion: at the end of the study, it was concluded that the pathological mechanisms responsible for autonomic dysfunction are more active in ra as compared to others.
osteoporosis	in this study, we evaluated the effectiveness of the osteoporosis self-assessment tool for asians (osta) in screening for osteoporosis in the elderly male population in the chengdu area, china. the lunar prodigy advance bone densitometer was used to measure the bone mineral density of 11,039 healthy males over the age of 40 years. men with osta scores of >-1, -4 < osta <=-1, or <=-4 , or were assigned to the low-risk, moderate risk, or high-risk group, respectively. the t-scores measured with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry at the different sites were compared across the groups. the bone mineral density of the lumbar spines l1-l4, the left femur, and other sites decreased gradually with age. with increasing age, the screening sensitivity of osta for osteoporosis in the lumbar spine and femur gradually increased, whereas its specificity decreased. the areas under the receiver operating characteristic curves for the osta index in different age groups and at different sites were 0.644-0.831. therefore, the osta index demonstrated some value in screening for osteoporosis in men over the age of 50 years. significant differences in its effectiveness were observed among different age groups.
osteoporosis	icariin (ica) is a pharmacologically active flavonoid glycoside that shows promise in the treatment and prevention of osteoporosis (op). however, the mechanisms underlying the anti-osteoporotic effects of ica remain largely unclear. the present study used quantitative polymerase chain reaction, western blot and immunohistochemical analysis to examine the effects of ica on several key targets in the notch signaling pathway in bone tissue in ovariectomized rats. it was observed that ica has a pronounced beneficial effect on op rats and inhibits the expression of peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor (ppar), ccaat/enhancer binding protein (c/ebp) and fatty acid-binding protein 4 (fabp4) mrna. in addition, it was identified that ica downregulates the expression of notch1 intracellular domain (n1icd) and jagged1 proteins in bone tissue, and suppresses the effect of n1icd on notch2 mrna expression. it is proposed that ica inhibits the differentiation of mesenchymal stem cells into adipocytes by inhibiting the expression of ppar, c/ebp and fabp4 mrna via the notch signaling pathway. in addition, it is proposed that ica inhibits the expression of notch2 mrna by suppressing the effect of n1icd. in conclusion, the results provide further mechanistic evidence for the clinical efficacy of ica in the treatment of op.
osteoporosis	singleton-merten syndrome (mim 182250) is an autosomal dominant inherited disorder characterized by early onset periodontitis, root resorption, osteopenia, osteoporosis, and aortic valve or thoracic aorta calcification. the disorder can have significant intrafamilial phenotypic variability. here, we present a mother and daughter with singleton-merten syndrome harboring a previously described pathogenic missense mutation, c.2465g>a p.(arg822gln), in ifih1 (interferon induced with helicase c domain 1), encoding mda5 (melanoma differentiation-associated protein 5). these data confirm the pathogenicity of ifih1 c.2465g>a p.(arg822gln) for singleton-merten syndrome and affirm the striking phenotypic heterogeneity of this disorder. in addition, we expand the singleton-merten phenotype by adding severe systemic lupus erythematosus (sle) to the clinical picture. investigations of known sle genes as well as a single nucleotide polymorphism suggested to be involved in development of sle were normal.
osteoporosis	background/aimreplantation of avulsed teeth may lead to root resorption. bisphosphonates (bps), a class of drugs of used to treat resorptive diseases of the bone such as osteoporosis and paget 's disease, have been observed to exert an antiresorptive effect on periodontal bone as well. the antiresorptive properties of bps could prove them useful in preventing root resorption of replanted avulsed teeth. the aim of this systematic review was to analyze and summarize the currently available literature concerning the use of bps in preventing root resorption of avulsed teeth. materials and methodspubmed/medline, google scholar, isi web of knowledge, and embase databases were searched using keywords bisphosphonate', replantation', and tooth'. quality assessment of each study was carried out. in addition, general characteristics and outcomes of each study were summarized. resultsafter exclusion of 116 irrelevant articles, 10 animal studies were included in this review. the majority of the studies suggest that surface application of zoledronate or alendronate reduces root resorption of replanted teeth in animal models. surface treatment with etidronate had no significant effect on root resorption, and intracanal etidronate accelerated resorption. conclusionsurface application of zoledronate and alendronate reduces root resorption of replanted teeth in animal models. however, the efficacy of intracanal usage of bps is still debatable.
osteoporosis	background: intermittent parathyroid hormone (pth) can be used to treat osteoporosis of the spine and hip. however, whether it can be used to treat osteoporosis of the mandible is unclear. the purpose of this study was to explore the influence of applying intermittent pth to ovariectomized rats on the trabecular bone microarchitecture of the mandible and femoral head. methods: eighteen female rats were divided into three groups: the healthy group, ovariectomized (ovx) group, and ovx + pth group. the ovx group and ovx + pth group had an ovx at 8 weeks of age. the ovx + pth group received intermittent pth therapy for 12 weeks. the mandibles and femurs of all rats were removed at 20 weeks and were then scanned using microcomputed tomography (micro-ct). results: from the micro-ct analysis, the trabecular bone microarchitecture of the mandible and femoral head are offered as follows: (1) the bone volume fraction and trabecular thickness in the ovx group were lower than those in the healthy group. (2) the bone volume fraction and trabecular thickness in the ovx + pth group approximated those in the healthy group. conclusion: the conclusions of this study regarding the trabecular bone microarchitecture of the mandible and femoral head are offered as follows: (1) the bv/tv and tbth in the ovx group were lower than those in the healthy group. (2) the bv/tv and tbth in the ovx + pth group approximated those in the healthy group, therefore, intermittent pth displayed high efficacy for treating femoral or mandibular deterioration of bone microstructure resulting from loss of ovarian function. osteoporosis of the femur or mandible in the rats was ameliorated by intermittent pth therapy.
osteoporosis	platycodon grandiflorum root-derived saponins (changkil saponins, cks) are reported to have many pharmacological activities. in our latest research, cks was proven to have a significant osteogenic effect. however, the detail molecular mechanism of cks on osteoclastic differentiation has not been fully investigated. administration of cks considerably reduced ovx-induced bone loss, and ameliorated the reduction in plasma levels of alkaline phosphatase, calcium, and phosphorus observed in ovx mice. cks also repressed the deterioration of bone trabecular microarchitecture. interestingly, platycodin d, the most abundant and major pharmacological constituent of triterpenoid cks, inhibited receptor activator of nf-kappa b ligand (rankl)-induced activation of nf-kappa b, and erk and p38 mapk, ultimately repressing osteoclast differentiation. ovx-induced bone turnover was attenuated by cks, possibly via repression of osteoclast differentiation by platycodin d, the active component of cks. platycodin d can be regarded as an antiosteoporotic candidate for treatment of osteoporosis diseases. (c) 2016 wiley periodicals, inc.
osteoporosis	low bone mass leads to fracture risk. osteoporosis affects over 10% of the population and one of every two women over the age of 50years. genetics predicts more than half of bone mass. diet and weight bearing exercise are two lifestyle choices that can influence the risk of fracture. nutrients are the structural constituents of bone. as bone is a living tissue and turns over, albeit more slowly than other tissues, there is an obligatory loss of minerals daily that must be replaced through diet. three servings of dairy products daily are recommended to replace those losses. alternative sources of nutrients can come from calcium fortified orange juice, plant-based beverages, or tofu to provide many nutrients needed for bone health. supplements can provide nutrients at risk for being inadequate such as calcium or vitamin d.
osteoporosis	this study compares spinal volumetric bone mineral density (vbmd) with spinal areal bone mineral density (abmd) among young adults from 3 eastern provincial capital cities in mainland china. a total of 416 young adults (age range: 20-40 yr) from 3 eastern provincial capital cities (beijing, shanghai, and guangzhou) in mainland china were recruited in this study. from each subject, the vbmd of the lumbar spine was measured by the mindways quantitative computed tomography system. moreover, the abmd of the lumbar spine, measured by the dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry, was extracted from a previous multicenter large-scale study, and the 420 participants were matched by age, gender, height, weight, as well as geographic territory. the vbmd and the abmd values were further compared and analyzed. generally, the bone mineral density (bmd) results were significantly different among participants from the 3 cities (p < 0.05). specifically, both vbmd and abmd values of participants from beijing were significantly different from those from guangzhou (p0.05). interestingly, the overall mean vbmd value was 5.9% greater in women than those in men for all the 3 cities (p < 0.001). this study demonstrated an overall heterogeneity in spinal bmd among young adults from 3 eastern provincial capital cities in mainland china. specifically, the taller and heavier young adults from the northern part of china have smaller spinal vbmd but higher spinal abmd values than those who were shorter and lighter from the southern part of china.
osteoporosis	more than 81% of the studied women had a poor knowledge of different aspects of osteoporosis and its complications, suggesting that more educational programs targeting women in particular are needed to help improve the osteoporosis practice in the societies and reduce the burden of the disease. purpose the family structure has changed considerably in the past decade. but, women from iran and many countries in the region and even families with similar cultural background living in other parts of the world are still responsible for childcare as well as the lifestyle adapted by the family. the present study was conducted to assess the awareness of the female head of household of osteoporosis and its complications. methods as part of a population-based study in two iranian cities, arak and sannandaj, to study osteoporosis and its risk factors, a questionnaire on the knowledge of female head of households of osteoporosis and its complications was completed. the subsample filled out the knowledge survey along with the questionnaire on their demographic data, socioeconomic status (ses), reproductive factors, bone-related lifestyle habits, family and personal medical history, medication use, and compliance with osteoporosis medication (if used) as well as a ffq filled out for all the 2100 participants. they also underwent a bone mineral density (bmd) test, and their serum levels of vitamin d were calculated. these data were then used to assess the factors affecting their awareness level. results the knowledge of 81.3% (473) of the studied women was found to be poor on different aspects of osteoporosis and its complications. multivariate analysis revealed that each level increase in vit d intake tertile increases the chance of higher awareness level in k=total by 1.5 times. each level increase in physical activity tertile was associated with a 30.6% lower chance of having a good knowledge. conclusion considering the poor awareness level of the studied women and their poor practice of bone healthy behavior, one could conclude that more programs are needed or the content/delivery style of the existing ones should be optimized.
osteoporosis	sclerostin antibodies increase bone mass by stimulating bone formation. however, human and animal studies show that bone formation increases transiently and returns to pre-treatment level despite ongoing antibody treatment. to understand its mechanism of action, we studied the time course of bone formation, correlating the rate and extent of accrual of bone mass and strength after sclerostin antibody treatment. ovariectomized (ovx) rats were treated with a sclerostin-antibody (scle-ab) at 20 mg/kg sc once weekly and sacrificed at baseline and 2, 3, 4, 6, and 8 weeks post-treatment. in scle-ab treated rats, serum pinp and ocn rapidly increased at week 1, peaked around week 3, and returned to ovx control levels by week 6. transcript analyses from the distal femur revealed an early increase in bone formation followed by a sustained decrease in bone resorption genes. lumbar vertebral (lv) osteoblast surface increased 88% by week 2, and bone formation rate (bfr/bs) increased 138% by week 4. both parameters were below ovx control by week 8. bone formation was primarily a result of modeling based formation. endocortical and periosteal bfr/bs peaked around week 4 at 313% and 585% of ovx control, respectively. bfr/bs then declined but remained higher than ovx control on both surfaces through week 8. histomorphometric analyses showed lv-bv/tv did not further increase after week 4, while bmd continued to increase at lv, mid femur (mf), and femoral neck (fn) through week 8. biomechanical tests showed a similar improvement in bone strength through 8 weeks in mf and fn, but bone strength plateaued between weeks 6 and 8 for lv. our data suggest that bone formation with scle-ab treatment is rapid and modeling formation dominated in ovx rats. although transient, the bone formation response persists longer in cortical than trabecular bone. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
medicare	objective : this 2009-2011 nation-wide study of adult koreans was aimed to provide characteristics, medical utilization states, and survival rates for newly diagnosed patients with primary nonmalignant and malignant spine tumors. methods : data for patients with primary spine tumors were selected from the korean health insurance review and assessment service database. the data included their age, sex, health insurance type, co-morbidities, medical cost, and hospital stay duration. hospital stay duration and medical costs per person occurring in one calendar year were used. in addition, survival rates of patients with primary malignant spine tumors were evaluated. results : the incidence rate of a primary spine tumor increased with age, and the year of diagnosis (p <= 0.0001). average annual medical costs ranged from 1627 usd (pelvis & sacrum & coccyx tumors) to 6601 usd (spinal cord tumor) for primary nonmalignant spine tumor and from 12137 usd (spinal meningomas) to 20825 usd (pelvis & sacrum & coccyx tumors) for a primary malignant spine tumor overall survival rates for those with a primary malignant spine tumor were 87.0%, 753%, and 70.6% at 3, 12, and 24 months, respectively. the cox regression model results showed that male sex, medicare insurance were significantly positive factors affecting survival after a diagnosis of primary malignant spine tumor. conclusion : our study provides a detailed view of the characteristics, medical utilization states, and survival rates of patients newly diagnosed with primary spine tumors in korea.
medicare	purpose. the effectiveness and financial benefit of pharmacist-led annual wellness visits (awvs) in conjunction with comprehensive medication management (cmm) for older, high-risk patients were examined. methods. eligible patients were 65 years of age or older with three or more chronic medical conditions, taking five or more long-term prescription or nonprescription medications and receiving primary care in a retirement community clinic. the intervention involved two components, an awv and cmm. the awv included all medicare-required components. all participants saw a clinical pharmacist practitioner for an awv with cmm and additional cmm visits at three and six months. outcomes included completion of required awv components, prevalence of medication-related problems (mrps), classic return on investment, patient satisfaction, and change in rate of hospitalization. results. of the 60 eligible patients contacted, 53 (88%) agreed to participate. patients' mean +/- s.d. age was 82.1 +/- 5.5 years, and patients used a median of 12 medications (range, 5-27) at baseline. the pharmacist identified at least 1 mrp in 90.6% of patients at the awv; all patients had at least 1 mrp identified over six months. a total of 278 mrps were identified: suboptimal drug (32.7%), insufficient therapeutic monitoring (25.2%), undertreatment of chronic condition (16.9%), and suboptimal dose, frequency, or administration (15.8%). revenue generated by the pharmacist exceeded costs by 38.1%. the rate of hospitalizations did not significantly change after the intervention. conclusion. pharmacists played a beneficial role in the provision of both awvs and cmm, facilitating the completion of wellness visits and identifying and addressing mrps in an older, high-risk population.
medicare	aims: to determine the frequency, timing and patterns of endocrine therapy switching in australian practice for postmenopausal women with primary breast cancer. methods: we identified postmenopausal women in a population-based cohort commencing endocrine therapy for invasive primary breast cancer between december 2005 and december 2008 (n = 645). individual-level administrative health records and self-report data were used to determine women 's demographic and clinical characteristics, including preexisting and newly-treated comorbidities, and switches in endocrine therapy. time to therapy switching was calculated. chi-square tests compared the characteristics of women who did and did not switch, and those switching within 2 years or after 2 years of commencing therapy. results: twenty-eight percent of women switched from their initial endocrine therapy, most commonly from tamoxifen to anastrozole, or the converse. a small number of anastrozole-to-exemestane and letrozole-to-exemestane switches were observed (n = 19). most women (>80%) who switched therapies did not have newly-treated comorbidities. few women (<5%) switched before completing 2 years of therapy, but these women were significantly more likely to have preexisting antidepressant use than women switching later (43% vs 23%, p = 0.048) and remained on the subsequent therapy for less time (6 months vs 2.7 years, p < 0.001). conclusions: approximately one-quarter of postmenopausal women with primary breast cancer switched endocrine therapies. the findings suggest that the majority of switching in australian practice was planned; occurring after 2-3 years of, not precipitated by comorbidity, and in a sequence supported by trial evidence. early switching, however, was associated with preexisting depression and appeared to be a marker of poor persistence.
medicare	background: nurse practitioners are increasingly being integrated into primary care delivery to help meet the growing demand for primary care. it is therefore important to understand nurse practitioners' productivity in primary care practice. purpose: we examined nurse practitioners' clinical productivity in regard to number of patients seen per week, whether they had a patient panel, and patient panel size. we further investigated practice characteristics associated with their clinical productivity. methods: we conducted cross-sectional analysis of the 2012 national sample survey of nurse practitioners. the sample included full-time primary care nurse practitioners in ambulatory settings. multivariable survey regression analyses were performed to examine the relationship between practice characteristics and nurse practitioners' clinical productivity. results: primary care nurse practitioners in ambulatory settings saw an average of 80 patients per week (95% confidence interval [ci]: 79-82), and 64% of them had their own patient panel. the average patient panel size was 567 (95% ci: 522612). nurse practitioners who had their own patient panel spent a similar percent of time on patient care and documentation as those who did not. however, those with a patient panel were more likely to provide a range of clinical services to most patients. nurse practitioners' clinical productivity was associated with several modifiable practice characteristics such as practice autonomy and billing and payment policies. discussions: the estimated number of patients seen in a typical week by nurse practitioners is comparable to that by primary care physicians reported in the literature. however, they had a significantly smaller patient panel. nurse practitioners' clinical productivity can be further improved.
medicare	air particulate matter (pm) is an important component of air pollution, which has been reported to play important role in the adverse health effects of the latter. extensive experimental data and epidemiological studies have shown that the increased cardiovascular morbidity and mortality and atherosclerosis caused by air pollution are mainly due to the pm component. implicated in these adverse health effects of pm, is their ability to induce oxidative stress and pro-inflammatory events in the vascular system. the association between the cardiovascular ischemic events and atherosclerosis induced by pm has been linked to the ultrafine and fine components. these particles have a high content of redox cyclic chemicals. this, together with their ability to combine with proatherogenic molecules enhanced tissue oxidative stress. studies have shown that the oxidative stress induced by pm could up-regulates the expression of phase i and phase ii metabolize enzymes. this up-regulation occurs by the activation of transcription factors (such as nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2) -like 2-related factor (nrf2) and aryl hydrocarbon receptor (ahr)). this review will focus on data supporting the role of oxidative stress and inflammation in pm-induced cardiovascular diseases and atherosclerosis and the importance of nrf2-and ahr- dependent regulatory pathways in the pm-induced cardiovascular events and atherosclerosis. (c) 2017 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
medicare	study design. cervical decompression (cd) and cervical fusion (cf) patients in 5% medicare part b claims data. objective. evaluate the complication rate and associated risk factors after cervical spine surgery using a national sample of elderly patients. summary of background data. the number of cervical spine procedures in the united states has risen along with associated hospital costs. postoperative complications lead to longer hospitalizations and greater costs. methods. demographic information and postoperative complications (90 days) were evaluated. multivariate cox regression was used to evaluate the risk factors for the complications, while adjusting for age, socioeconomic status, charlson comorbidity index, race, census region, sex, and year of surgery. results. between 2010 and 2012, 1519 cd and 1273 cf medicare patients were identified in the dataset. respiratory complications (cd: 12.1% and cf: 14.6%), urinary retention (cd: 8.2% and cf: 9.1%), acute delirium (cd: 5.3% and cf: 6.0%), and nausea/vomiting (cd: 2.8% and cf: 3.1%) were the most commonly diagnosed complications. all other complications had an incidence of less than 1.5%. older patients had higher risks of respiratory complications for both procedures, and cd patients with charlson scores of 1 to 2 and 5+ were also at higher risk of respiratory complications. males (p < 0.001) were at higher risk of urinary retention. patients with dementia (p < 0.001) had a higher risk of acute delirium after both cd and cf. for cd patients, those aged 85 years and over had higher risk of acute delirium, along with patients with transient ischemic attack/stroke. age was also a significant risk factor (p=0.019) for acute delirium for cf patients. females were at a significantly higher risk of nausea/vomiting after cd and cf. conclusion. these data help to provide baseline information regarding the complication rates in the elderly cd and cf patient population in the united states, and will serve to help minimize these complications.
medicare	objectives: to determine whether bundled payments are feasible in the orthopaedic fracture setting, and the potential economic implications of this reimbursement structure. design: prospective. setting: multicenter. patients/participants: between 2004 and 2014, a total of 23,643 operatively treated patients with fracture and 544,067 patients with total joint arthroplasty (tja) were identified using the new york state statewide planning and research cooperative system database. interventions: severity of illness (soi), hospital charges ($usd), length of stay (los; days), and discharge disposition (homebound vs. not) were collected. main outcome measurements: patients were subdivided into groups of minor and severe soi. differences in hospital charges, los, and discharge disposition were analyzed. differences in charges, los, and discharges were further analyzed based on minor and severe soi. results: the difference in hospital charge between patients with minor or severe soi undergoing elective tja ranged between 153% and 211%. in contrast, patients undergoing fracture surgery exhibited differences ranging from 314% to 489% between minor and severe soi levels. similar differences were observed regarding mean hospital los and homebound discharge disposition, with patients with fracture demonstrating greater sensitivity to increasing soi. conclusions: although bundled payments may be a viable option for patients undergoing elective tja, this payment model requires particular attention when applied to fracture care.
medicare	objective: to identify potential risk factors associated with rehospitalization among medicare recipients with heart failure (hf) receiving telehomecare. materials and methods: this study is a nonexperimental, cross-sectional secondary data analysis of the centers for medicare and medicaid (cms) mandated assessment called the outcome and assessment information set (oasis)-c, provided by a large home care company. a total of 526 patients who received telehomecare from january 1, 2011 to august 31, 2013 were included in the analyses, which used multiple logistic regression. results: the overall rate of rehospitalization was 36% while patients were receiving telehomecare. moderately frail health status (p = 0.01), the presence of severe pain (p = 0.01), the presence of dermatologic problems (p = 0.03), and independence in dressing one 's lower body (compared to slightly dependent [p = 0.01] or mostly dependent patient groups [p = 0.02]) were identified as risk factors for rehospitalization. conclusions: the risk factors identified from this study may be used to drive more effective telehomecare placements, and referrals for additional services among telehomecare patients with hf.
medicare	objective: most prior studies on aggressive end-of-life care in older patients with cancer have accounted for social determinants of health (e.g., race, income, and education), but rarely for multimoribidity (mm). in this study, we examine the association between end-of-life care and each of the social determinants of health and mm, hypothesizing that higher mm is associated with less aggressive care. methods: from the linked 1991-2008 health and retirement study, medicare data, and the national death index, we identified fee-for-service patients age >= 66 years who died from cancer (n = 835). mm was defined as the occurrence or co-occurrence of chronic conditions, functional limitations, and/or geriatric syndromes. aggressive care was based on claims-derived measures of receipt of cancer-directed treatment in the last two weeks of life; admission to the hospital and/or emergency department (ed) within the last month; and in-hospital death. we also identified patients enrolled in hospice. in multivariable logistic regression models, we analyzed the associations of interest, adjusting for potential confounders. results: while 61.2% of the patients enrolled in hospice, 24.6% underwent cancer-directed treatment; 55.1% were admitted to the hospital and/or ed; and 21.7% died in the hospital. we observed a u-shaped distribution between income and in-hospital death. chronic conditions and geriatric syndromes were associated with some outcomes, but not with others. conclusions: to improve quality end-of-life care and curtail costs incurred by dying patients, relevant interventions need to account for social determinants of health and mm in a nuanced fashion. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
medicare	background in the champion (cardiomems heart sensor allows monitoring of pressure to improve outcomes in new york heart association [nyha] functional class iii heart failure patients) trial, heart failure hospitalization (hfh) rates were lower in patients managed with guidance from an implantable pulmonary artery pressure sensor compared with usual care. objectives this study examined the effectiveness of ambulatory hemodynamic monitoring in reducing hfh outside of the clinical trial setting. methods we conducted a retrospective cohort study using u.s. medicare claims data from patients undergoing pulmonary artery pressure sensor implantation between june 1, 2014, and december 31, 2015. rates of hfh during pre-defined periods before and after implantation were compared using the andersen-gill extension to the cox proportional hazards model while accounting for the competing risk of death, ventricular assist device implantation, or cardiac transplantation. comprehensive heart failure (hf)-related costs were compared over the same periods. results among 1,114 patients receiving implants, there were 1,020 hfhs in the 6 months before, compared with 381 hfhs, 139 deaths, and 17 ventricular assist device implantations and/or transplants in the 6 months after implantation (hazard ratio [hr]: 0.55; 95% confidence interval [ci]: 0.49 to 0.61; p < 0.001). this lower rate of hfh was associated with a 6-month comprehensive hf cost reduction of $7,433 per patient (iqr: $7,000 to $ 7,884), and was robust in analyses restricted to 6-month survivors. similar reductions in hfh and costs were noted in the subset of 480 patients with complete data available for 12 months before and after implantation (hr: 0.66; 95% ci: 0.57 to 0.76; p < 0.001). conclusions as in clinical trials, use of ambulatory hemodynamic monitoring in clinical practice is associated with lower hfh and comprehensive hf costs. these benefits are sustained to 1 year and support the ""real-world"" effectiveness of this approach to hf management. (c) 2017 by the american college of cardiology foundation.
psoriatic_arthritis	objectives: we assessed the ability of patients with autoimmune inflammatory diseases to successfully use the investigational autotouch (tm) reusable autoinjector as well as patient preference for autotouch (tm) versus the currently marketed single-use prefilled etanercept sureclick (r) autoinjector. methods: two multicenter studies were performed: a home use study and a patient preference study. in the home use study, 77 patients with rheumatoid arthritis (ra) or psoriatic arthritis self-administered etanercept once weekly for 5 weeks. the primary end point was successful self-injection of etanercept via autotouch (tm). the patient preference study was an open-label, randomized, 8-week crossover trial (4 weeks for each device) in 216 patients with ra or psoriasis (pso). the primary end point was preference for autotouch (tm) versus sureclick (r). results: in the home use study, the proportion of successful self-injections with autotouch (tm) during weeks 1 through 5 was 97.8% (95% ci, 96.3. 99.3). in the patient preference study, patients had a preference rate for autotouch (tm) of 41.7% (95% ci, 34.9-48.4) overall, 43.5% (95% ci, 35.5. 51.6) for patients with ra, and 36.8% (95% ci, 24.3. 49.4) for patients with pso. needle apprehension was not different at initiation of the autoinjectors, nor was there a difference between the injectors after 4 weeks. overall, patients preferred autotouch t for ease of self-injecting, ease of pressing the start button, ease of following injection progress, and certainty of knowing when the injection was completed. sureclick (r) was preferred for fewer steps and experiencing less injection site discomfort or pain. conclusion: the introduction of the autotouch (tm) will give patients a choice between two different autoinjectors for self-administration of etanercept.
psoriatic_arthritis	objective: the aim of this study is to investigate the relation between vitamin d levels, vertebral defoi functional status, quality of life, acute phase reactants and enthesopathy in patients with psoriatic arthritis (psa). patients and methods: fifty-two patients with psa and 52 controls were enrolled to the study. routine blood tests and serums 25-(oh)d3 were measured. the thoracic and lumbar vertebrae deformities identified in the radiographies were evaluated by a radiologist. psoriatic arthritis quality of life (psaqol) was used for evaluating quality of life and disease activity parameters for psa were assessed. in psa patients, correlations was performed between the 25(oh)-d3 levels and pga (patient global assessment), phga (physician global assessment), tender jc (joint count), haq-s (health assessment questionnaire for the sp ondyloarthropathies), psaqol, mases (maastricht ankylosing spondylitis enthesitis score) and basdai (bath ankylosing spondylitis disease activity index) values. results: the results showed that 25(oh)-d3 levels was not correlated with these values. (p>0.05 for r = -0.171, r = -0.167, r=-0.069, r=-0.236, r=-0.062, r= -0.058 and r = -0.106 respectively). it was determined that the psaqol score had a positive and statistically significant correlation with the pga, swollen jc, crp, hgd, tender jc, vas -pain, haq-s, mases and basdai values in psa patients. (p>0.05 for r=0.291, r=0.324, r=0.346, r=0.312; and p=0.001 for r=0.472, r=0.380, r=0.565, r=0.696, r=0.359, r=0.633, respectively) statistical analyses demonstrated that psa patients with vertebral deformities had higher numbers of tender joints, more prolonged periods of morning stiffness, higher das28-esr (disease activity score) scores, and higher levels of vitamin d (p<0.05, p<0.05, p=0.05 and p<0.05, respectively). the multiple logistic regression analysis indicated that the only factor which had an effect on the development of vertebral deformities was the use of steroids. conclusions: this result has demonstrated that psoriatic arthritis has a considerable effect on patient quality of life. most significant factors that affecting quality of life were physical pain and disability while vertebral deformities and 25-(oh)d3 had no significant effect.
psoriatic_arthritis	this is a review looking at anti cytokine therapy in rheumatoid arthritis (ra), psoriatic arthritis (psa) and ankylosing spondylitis (as). the review explores the similarities and differences in the clinical features, as well as treatments and cytokines involved in the development and propagation of the disease. particular attention is paid to tnf alpha inhibitors il-1ra, il-6 and jak kinase inhibitors, anti il23 and il-12 and the new developments with anti-il-17. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
psoriatic_arthritis	graft-versus-host disease (gvhd) is a major complication of allogenic bone marrow transplantation and involves the infiltration of donor cd4(+) and/or cd8(+) t cells into various organs of the recipient. the pathological role of human cd4(+) and cd8(+) t cells in gvhd remains controversial. in this study, we established two novel xenogeneic (xeno)-gvhd models. human cd4(+) or cd8(+) t cells were purified from peripheral blood and were transplanted into immunodeficient nod/shi-scid il2rg(null) (nog) mice. human cd8(+) t cells did not induce major gvhd symptoms in conventional nog mice. however, cd8(+) t cells immediately proliferated and induced severe gvhd when transferred into nog mice together with at least 0.5 x 10(6) cd4(+) t cells or into nog human interleukin (il)-2 transgenic mice. human cd4(+) t cell-transplanted nog mice developed skin inflammations including alopecia, epidermal hyperplasia, and neutrophilia. pathogenic t helper (th)17 cells accumulated in the skin of cd4(+) t cell-transplanted nog mice. further, an anti-human il-17 antibody (secukinumab) significantly suppressed these skin pathologies. these results indicate that pathogenic human th17 cells induce cutaneous gvhd via il-17-dependent pathways. this study provides fundamental insights into the pathogenesis of xeno-gvhd, and these humanized mouse models may be useful as preclinical tools for the prevention of gvhd. human cd4(+) or cd8(+) t cells contribute differently to the pathogenesis of xenogenic graft-versus-host disease.
psoriatic_arthritis	objective. acpas are associated with bone destruction in ra. the aim of this study was to evaluate the association between acpa and bone destruction in patients with a distinct inflammatory disorder, psa. methods. we used baseline data from a large observational study of psa patients preparing to initiate treatment with adalimumab to analyse demographic and disease characteristics by acpa status. to ensure a homogeneous psa study population, only patients with active psoriatic skin manifestations who met classification of psoriatic arthritis criteria for psa were included in the analyses, thereby minimizing the risk of including misdiagnosed ra patients. multiple logistic regression analyses were used to explore potential associations between acpa seropositivity and bone destruction. results. of 1996 psa patients who met the strict inclusion criteria, 105 (5.3%) were positive for acpa. acpa-positive patients had significantly higher swollen joint counts and 28-joint das values than acpa-negative patients and significantly higher rates of erosive changes and dactylitis. multiple logistic regression analysis confirmed the association of acpa seropositivity with a 2.8-fold increase in the risk of erosive disease. conclusion. as has been previously shown for ra, acpa is associated with bone destruction in psa, suggesting that the osteocatabolic effect of acpa is not confined to ra but is also detectable in the different pathogenetic context of a distinct disease entity. trial registration: clinicaltrials.gov, nct01111240.
psoriatic_arthritis	purpose of the review we will address current treatment and unmet needs in psoriatic arthritis (psa), examine existing randomized controlled trials (rcts), and consider options for new trial designs and challenges in their implementation. recent findings while therapeutic options for psa have rapidly increased, there continues to be a need for clinical trials to test new therapies and establish optimal treatment strategies in order to improve the care for patients with psa. in addition, more data is needed on how to select the best therapy for a given patient in clinical practice. consideration of alternative outcome measures is also needed. summary despite the rapid expansion in the number of therapy options available, there is still much to be learned about how to treat the individual patient with psa.
psoriatic_arthritis	in most chronic inflammatory diseases, the cause remains unknown. chronic infection is, however, among the current hypotheses. recent technological advances have allowed in-depth studies of the gut microflora, or microbiota, which contains a vast array of organisms, most of which cannot be cultured. inflammatory bowel disease has been associated with distinctive changes in the gut microbiota, which persist between disease flares and may play a pathogenic role. links have been demonstrated between the gut microbiota and joint inflammation in murine models of arthritis but have received little attention in human patients. recent work has nevertheless demonstrated substantial alterations in the gut microbiota in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, or spondyloarthritis, with differences across diagnoses and studies. interestingly, some of these alterations resemble those now firmly established in inflammatory bowel disease; examples include decreased microbial diversity and lower frequencies of bacterial groups belonging to the firmicutes phylum known to have immunoregulatory properties. these new findings open up important new horizons both for understanding disease and for developing novel biomarkers and treatment strategies. (c) 2016 societe francaise de rhumatologie. published by elsevier masson sas. all rights reserved.
psoriatic_arthritis	background: the prevalence and clinical characteristics of psoriatic arthritis (psa) in patients with psoriasis are not well described in asian populations, including koreans. objective: the purpose of this study was to investigate the prevalence of psa by using the classification of psoriatic arthritis (caspar) criteria on the basis of physical examination only, as well as its correlation with psoriasis severity and other medical conditions including nail psoriasis. methods: a single-center, cross-sectional observational cohort study was conducted, and the included patients were evaluated for psa according to the caspar criteria. the psoriasis area severity index (pasi) and the nail psoriasis severity index (napsi) were calculated. results: the prevalence of psa in patients with psoriasis in korea was 13.5%. when performing logistic regression, hyperlipidemia and localized pustular psoriasis were found to be significant predictors of psa. the pasi score was significantly higher in psa patients than in those with psoriasis alone (p=0.014). psoriatic nail involvement was found in 85.5% of the study population, and all psa patients had nail psoriasis. the mean napsi score was higher in patients with psa; however, the difference was not statistically significant. conclusion: there was a close relation between psoriasis severity and psa, although nail psoriasis severity was not related to psa status. dermatologists can diagnose psa from current physical findings by using the caspar criteria. to validate the caspar criteria for psa diagnosis, the definition of nail psoriasis clinical types and severity in the caspar criteria should be reviewed again.
psoriatic_arthritis	background: recent global data show an increasing prevalence of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in western countries. objective: the current study analyzed the trend of prevalence rates of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis in taiwan and examined biologic prescription patterns by different specialties. methods: data were accessed from the national payer national health insurance research database in taiwan. this study protocol was approved by joint institutional review board established by medical research ethics foundation (no 13-s-001). results: between 2003 and 2013, the prevalence of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis increased by 41% (from 15.54 to 21.90 per 10,000 population) and 191% (from 0.45 to 1.31 per 10,000 population), respectively, while the prevalence of psoriatic arthritis among patients with psoriatic disease increased from 6.3% to 12.7%. dermatologists are the main caregivers for patients with psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis; however, data suggest a decreasing trend in the proportion of dermatologists for psoriasis patients from 24.7% between 2003 and 2008 to 10.74% between 2008 and 2013, with a corresponding decrease in dermatologists for psoriatic arthritis patients from 62.30% to 44.65% during the same periods, respectively. in 2013, of the 51,191 patients with psoriasis, only 596 (1.16%) received biologics (73.3% by dermatologists and 25.8% by rheumatologists), while 1120 of the 7470 (14.99%) psoriatic arthritis patients received biologics (72.8% by rheumatologists and 223% by dermatologists). the proportion of biologics use was 1.12% and 7.75% among all patients with only psoriasis and 8.01% and 26.70% among all patients with psoriatic arthritis seen by dermatologists and rheumatologists, respectively. conclusion: the prevalence of psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis is increasing in taiwan. the use of biologics in patients with psoriatic arthritis was comparable to that reported in previous studies in the united states and europe; however, the use of biologics remained low in patients with psoriasis in taiwan. (c) 2016 japanese scciety for investigative dermatology. published by elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
psoriatic_arthritis	apremilast is an orally-active small molecule which inhibits phosphodiesterase-4 (pde4). clinical trials have demonstrated its efficacy and safety in psoriatic arthritis (psa) and psoriasis. established therapeutic options have variable effectiveness across the different domains of psoriatic disease. whilst biologic therapies have proven to be of significant benefit to many patients, not all patients respond, and others are not eligible or do not tolerate biologic therapy. we review the mechanism of action, pharmacokinetics and clinical trial data with regards to both efficacy and safety for apremilast and consider where this new treatment may be positioned in the treatment of psa.
addiction	objective: childhood maltreatment is widely accepted as a risk factor for drug addiction from adolescence to adulthood. however, the influence of childhood maltreatment on drug treatment related variables, such as drug abstinence motivation and self-concept, as well as self-efficacy, remains unclear. this study aims at exploring whether self-concept mediates the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation, as well as self-efficacy, among drug addicts. methods: this study involves 816 (550 males, 226 females, mean age = 34.59, range = 16-58 years) drug addicts from compulsory detoxification units. participants completed questionnaires, including the childhood trauma questionnaire 28- item short form (ctq- sf), tennessee self-concept scale (tscs), general self-efficacy scale (gses), and drug abstinence motivation questionnaire (damq). results: the structural equation model (sem) analysis, including total and specific forms of maltreatment scores, showed that childhood maltreatment was negatively associated with self-concept, self-efficacy, and abstinence motivation. self-concept was positively associated with self-efficacy and abstinence motivation. conversely, significant association between self-efficacy and abstinence motivation did not exist. an indirect analysis showed that self-concept mediated the relationship between childhood maltreatment and self-efficacy. critically, selfconcept arbitrated the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation. the indirect effect of self-concept between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation still existed when the total scores of maltreatment were replaced by the scores of specific forms of maltreatment. conclusions: these results demonstrated that self-concept is a critical factor in understanding the relationship between childhood maltreatment and abstinence motivation, as well as self-efficacy, among drug addicts. improving the sense of self-worth may be an effective intervention therapy among drug addicts with childhood maltreatment history. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
addiction	background: this study aimed to identify the most important factors of changing pattern of drug abuse from opium to methamphetamine in iranian drugdependent women. materials and methods: this study was a phenomenological study. the data were analyzed by the 7-step colaizzi method. subjects selected from patients who were referred to addiction rehabilitation residential center of welfare organization in bojnurd city located in northeast iran. results: we found 8 conceptual classes, and 32 codes from the analysis of data. the individual factors were as follow: elevation of mood, obtaining more pleasure, increasing energy and improving performance, relief of physical pain, and sensation seeking. conclusions: depth review and analyses of interviews revealed that individual factors are the most important factor in crystal meth abuse.
addiction	chronic cancer pain is a serious complication of malignancy or its treatment. currently, no comprehensive, universally accepted cancer pain classification system exists. clarity in classification of common cancer pain syndromes would improve clinical assessment and management. moreover, an evidence-based taxonomy would enhance cancer pain research efforts by providing consistent diagnostic criteria, ensuring comparability across clinical trials. as part of a collaborative effort between the analgesic, anesthetic, and addiction clinical trial translations, innovations, opportunities, and networks (acttion) and the american pain society (aps), the acttion-aps pain taxonomy initiative worked to develop the characteristics of an optimal diagnostic system. after the establishment of these characteristics, a working group consisting of clinicians and clinical and basic scientists with expertise in cancer and cancer-related pain was convened to generate core diagnostic criteria for an illustrative sample of 3 chronic pain syndromes associated with cancer (ie, bone pain and pancreatic cancer pain as models of pain related to a tumor) or its treatment (ie, chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy). a systematic review and synthesis was conducted to provide evidence for the dimensions that comprise this cancer pain taxonomy. future efforts will subject these diagnostic categories and criteria to systematic empirical evaluation of their feasibility, reliability, and validity and extension to other cancer-related pain syndromes. perspective: the acttion-aps chronic cancer pain taxonomy provides an evidence-based classification for 3 prevalent syndromes, namely malignant bone pain, pancreatic cancer pain, and chemotherapy-induced peripheral neuropathy. this taxonomy provides consistent diagnostic criteria, common features, comorbidities, consequences, and putative mechanisms for these potentially serious cancer pain conditions that can be extended and applied with other cancer-related pain syndromes. (c) 2016 the authors. published by elsevier inc. on behalf of the american pain society
addiction	the propensity to delay gratification, measured by the discount rate, is associated with a variety of positive outcomes including higher rates of education and savings, as well as lower rates of poverty or addiction. there is a significant literature which supports a linkage between religion and self-regulation. we use an online experimental approach to test the influence of religious salience on intertemporal discount rates. the experiment used both real and hypothetical rewards in its design. using a large sample, we are able to test the impact of religious primes across a variety of religious traditions as well as the non-religious. contrary to previous studies, we do not find evidence that increased religious salience increases observed discount rates. furthermore, we find no significant difference in the impact of religious salience across religious groups. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
addiction	background and aims: the recent opioid epidemic has prompted renewed interest in opioid use disorder treatment, but there is little evidence regarding health-related quality-of-life (hrqol) outcomes in treatment programs. measuring hrqol represents an opportunity to consider outcomes of opioid use disorder treatment that are more patient-centered and more relevant to overall health than abstinence alone. we conducted a systematic literature review to explore the extent to which the collection of hrqol by opioid treatment programs is documented in the treatment program literature. materials and methods: we searched pubmed, embase psycinfo and web of science for papers published between 1965 and 2015 that reported hrqol outcome measures from substance abuse treatment programs. results: of the 3014 unduplicated articles initially identified for screening, 99 articles met criteria for further review. of those articles, 7 were unavailable in english; therefore 92 articles were reviewed. of these articles, 44 included any quality-of-life measure, 17 of which included validated hrqol measures, and 10 supported derivation of quality-adjusted life year utility weights. the most frequently used validated measure was the addiction severity index (asi). non-u.s. and more recent studies were more likely to include a measure of hrqol. conclusions: hrqol measures are rarely used as outcomes in opioid treatment programs. the field should incorporate hrqol measures as standard practice, especially measures that can be used to derive utility weights, such as the sf-12 or eq-5d. these instruments provide policy makers with evidence on the impact of programs on patients' lives and with data to quantify the value of investing in opioid use disorder treatments. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
addiction	public health research treats intimate partnerships as sites of risk management, including in the management of hiv and hepatitis c transmission. this risk-infused biomedical approach tends to undermine appreciation of the emotional and socially situated meanings of care in intimate partnerships. in this article we explore qualitative interview accounts of the care enacted in partnerships between people who inject drugs, drawing on a 2014 study of 34 couples and 12 individuals living in two locations of australia. a thematic analysis highlights 'best friend relationships', 'doing everything together', 'co-dependency', and 'doing normalcy' as core to narratives of care. as we will argue, the accounts position the care undertaken by couples as at once shaped by day-to-day practices of drug use and by social situation, with the partnership enacting care as a form of social protection, including protection from stigma and other environmental hostilities. the intimacy of doing everything together offers insulation against stigma, yet also reproduces its isolating effects. while the care produced in drug-using partnerships is presented as double-edged, we note how interview accounts are used to deflect the charge that these relationships represent harmful co-dependency. taken together, the interview accounts negotiate a 'counter-care' in relation to normalcy, presenting the intimate partnership between people who use drugs as a legitimate embodiment of care. (c) 2017 published by elsevier ltd.
addiction	this study aimed to examine the associations of individual trajectories of three types of negative affect (na: anxiety, depression, and anger) and craving during a 44-day period of incentivized smoking abstinence period with cessation outcome at 3 months and at 1 year. adult smokers (n = 140) completed questionnaire assessments of na and craving during pre-quit baseline sessions and 15 postquit sessions over the 45 days of biochemically verified abstinence while on nicotine or placebo patch treatment. growth curve and logistic regression analyses were used to examine the associations of trajectory parameters of the individual na states and craving with the abstinence outcomes at 3 months and 1 year postquit. greater declines in anxiety, depression, and anger symptoms over the first 44 days of smoking cessation were predictive of higher odds of abstinence at both 3 months and 1 year. moreover, the greater declines in anxiety and anger remained as significant predictors of abstinence at both time points, independent of the predictive ability of the trajectory profiles of craving. the findings suggest that slower dissipation of na, especially anxiety and anger, represents a greater risk for relapse to smoking beyond that predicted by craving during early abstinence. thus, temporal profiles of the affective symptoms convey unique motivational significance in relapse. reduction in na during early abstinence may be a valid target for interventions to increase long-term cessation success rates particularly among individuals with refractory affective symptoms.
addiction	the high rate of relapse to drug use is one of the main problems in the treatment of addiction. stress plays the essential role in drug abuse and relapse; nevertheless, little is known about the mechanisms underlying stress and relapse. accordingly, the effects of intra-accumbal administration of sulpiride, as a dopamine d2-like receptor antagonist, on an ineffective morphine dose1food deprivation(fd)-and morphine priming-induced reinstatement of conditioned place preference (cpp). about 104 adult male albino wistar rats weighing 200-280 g were bilaterally implanted by cannula into the nucleus accumbens (nac). subcutaneous (sc) injection of morphine (5 mg kg21) was used daily during a 3-day conditioning phase. after a 24-hr "" off"" period following achievement of extinction criterion, rats were tested for fd-and priming-induced reinstatement of morphine cpp by an ineffective (0.5 mg kg21, sc) and priming (1 mg kg21, sc) dose of morphine, respectively. in the next experiments, animals received different doses of intra-accumbal sulpiride (0.25, 1, and 4 mg/ 0.5 ml saline) bilaterally and were subsequently tested for morphine reinstatement. our findings indicated that the 24-hr fd facilitated reinstatement of morphine cpp. furthermore, the d2-like receptor antagonist attenuated the ineffective morphine dose1 fd-and priming-induced reinstatement of morphine cpp dose-dependently. also, contribution of d2-like receptors in mediation of the ineffective morphine dose1 fd-induced reinstatement of cpp was greater than morphine priming-induced reinstatement of cpp. the role of dopaminergic system in morphine reinstatement through a neural pathway in the nac provides the evidence that d2-like receptor antagonist can be useful therapeutic targets for reinstatement of morphine cpp.
addiction	this study was aimed to test the association between perceived stress and problematic social networking site (sns) usage, and to figure out whether psychological resilience moderated this relationship. the perceived stress scale, connor-davidson resilience scale, and facebook intrusion questionnaire were administered to 499 chinese college students. the results showed that (1) perceived stress was positively associated with problematic sns usage; (2) psychological resilience was negatively related with problematic sns usage; and (3) psychological resilience moderated the relationship between perceived stress and problematic sns usage. specifically, the relationship between perceived stress and problematic sns usage was statistically significant for students with a lower level of psychological resilience, while no significant association was found for those with a higher level of psychological resilience. the findings emphasize the importance of enhancing psychological resilience to decrease the likelihood of college students who experience higher level of stress from using sns problematically. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
addiction	studying brain abnormalities in behavioral addiction including gd enables us to exclude possible confounding effects of exposure to neurotoxic substances, which should provide important insight that can lead to a better understanding of addiction per se. there have been a few brain structural magnetic resonance imaging studies for gd, although the results have been inconsistent. on the other hand, gd was suggested to be a heterogeneous disorder in terms of risk attitude. we aimed to examine the heterogeneity of gd by combining a behavioral economics task and voxel-based morphometry. thirty-six male gd patients and 36 healthy male control subjects underwent a task for estimation of loss aversion, which can assess risk attitude in real-life decision-making. the gd patients were divided into two groups based on their level of loss aversion, low and high. while both groups showed common gray matter volume reduction in the left supramarginal gyrus and bilateral posterior cerebellum, high loss-aversion gd showed pronounced reduction in the left posterior cerebellum and additional reduction in the bilateral medial orbitofrontal cortex. our study suggests that the heterogeneity of gd is underpinned at the brain structural level. this result might be useful for understanding neurobiological mechanisms and for the establishment of precise treatment strategies for gd. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
atopic_dermatitis	background: dedicator of cytokinesis 8 (dock8) deficiency is a combined immunodeficiency caused by autosomal recessive loss-of- function mutations in dock8. this disorder is characterized by recurrent cutaneous infections, increased serum ige levels, and severe atopic disease, including food-induced anaphylaxis. however, the contribution of defects in cd4(+) t cells to disease pathogenesis in these patients has not been thoroughly investigated. objective: we sought to investigate the phenotype and function of dock8-deficient cd4(+) t cells to determine (1) intrinsic and extrinsic cd4 1 t-cell defects and (2) how defects account for the clinical features of dock8 deficiency. methods: we performed in-depth analysis of the cd4(+) t-cell compartment of dock8-deficient patients. we enumerated subsets of cd4(+) t helper cells and assessed cytokine production and transcription factor expression. finally, we determined the levels of ige specific for staple foods and house dust mite allergens in dock8-deficient patients and healthy control subjects. results: dock8-deficient memory cd4 1 t cells were biased toward a t(h)2 type, and this was at the expense of t(h)1 and t(h)17 cells. in vitro polarization of dock8-deficient naive cd4(+) t cells revealed the th2 bias and th17 defect to be t-cell intrinsic. examination of allergen-specific ige revealed plasma ige from dock8-deficient patients is directed against staple food antigens but not house dust mites. conclusion: investigations into the dock8-deficient cd4(+) t cells provided an explanation for some of the clinical features of this disorder: the t(h)2 bias is likely to contribute to atopic disease, whereas defects in t(h)1 and t(h)17 cells compromise antiviral and antifungal immunity, respectively, explaining the infectious susceptibility of dock8-deficient patients.
atopic_dermatitis	background: canine atopic dermatitis is a common pruritic skin disease often treated with allergen immunotherapy (ait). ait in dogs traditionally begins with attempting to identify clinically relevant environmental allergens. current allergen testing methodologies and immunotherapy techniques in dogs are not standardized. immunotherapy with a mixture of allergenic extracts selected based on regional aerobiology rather than intradermal tests or serum ige assays has been described. the objective of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of regionally-specific immunotherapy in dogs with atopic dermatitis. the medical records of a veterinary dermatology referral clinic were searched for dogs with atopic dermatitis that began regionally-specific subcutaneous immunotherapy from june, 2010 to may, 2013. an overall assessment of treatment effectiveness (excellent, good, fair, or poor) was assigned based upon changes in pruritus severity, lesion severity, and the reduction in concurrent medication(s) during a follow-up period of at least 270 days. baseline characteristics that might predict treatment success were analyzed with the spearman 's correlation and the kruskal-wallis tests. results: of the 286 dogs that began regionally-specific immunotherapy (respit) during a 3 year period, 103 met the inclusion criteria. the overall response to respit was classified as excellent in 19%, good in 38%, fair in 25%, and poor in 18% of dogs. the response classification correlated significantly with a reduction in pruritus severity (r = 0.72, p < 0.001) and lesion severity (r = 0.54, p < 0.001), but not with the dogs' baseline characteristics. adverse reactions were reported in 7/286 (2.4%) of treated dogs. conclusions: under the conditions of this study, respit was safe and effective for the treatment of atopic dermatitis in dogs.
atopic_dermatitis	introduction: henna tattoos are a very common practice in the adolescent population. henna is very often admixed with para-phenylenediamine (ppda) to improve the appearance of the tattoo. ppda is a potent allergen, and is a frequent cause of allergic contact dermatitis (acd). material and method: a study was conducted on the results of 726 consecutive children who had been patch tested in the university general hospital consortium of valencia between 1980 and 2015. results: almost half (49.7%; (361 cases) of the children had one or more positive patch test findings, with 4.7% (34) being allergic to ppda. mean age of patients allergic to ppda was 12.4 years, and 44.2% were male. there were 2 cases (5.9%) of atopic dermatitis. of the positive reactions, 73.5% were considered to be current clinically relevant. the sensitisation origin was a henna tattoo in 50% of cases. conclusion: ppda sensitisation is relatively common in the child and adolescent population. the most frequent origin is the performing of henna tattoos adulterated with ppda. adolescents are at the higher risk of developing acd due to henna tattoos. henna tattooing should be strongly discouraged in children. (c) 2016 asociacion espanola de pediatria. published by elsevier espana, s.l.u. all rights reserved.
atopic_dermatitis	vitiligo is a complex, systemic disease associated with many autoimmune and auto inflammatory conditions. additionally, the cutaneous changes of vitiligo have significant effects on quality of life and self-esteem. further efforts are needed to increase our understanding of vitiligo comorbidities as well as to increase awareness of the psychological effects of vitiligo.
atopic_dermatitis	context: dehydroxymethylepoxyquinomicin (dhmeq) which is originally developed as an analog of antibiotic epoxyquinomicin c is a specific and potent inhibitor of nf-kappa b and has been shown to possess promising potential as an anti-inflammatory and anti-tumor agent. objective: this study examines dhmeq 's effect on therapeutic potential for atopic dermatitis (ad)-like lesions. materials and methods: ad lesions were chronically induced by the repetitive and alternative application of 2,4-dinitrochlorobenzene (dncb) and oxazolone (ox) on ears in balb/c mice. the mice were then externally treated with dhmeq ointment. macroscopic and microscopic changes of the skin lesions were observed and recorded. results: dhmeq inhibited ear swelling and relieved clinical symptoms of the ad-like lesions induced by dncb/ox in balb/c mice. histopathology examination illustrated that it significantly decreased dncb/ox-induced epidermal thickness, the infiltration of inflammatory cells, and the count of mast cell. the elevated level of immunoglobulin e (ige) in serum and the mrna levels of interferon gamma (ifn-gamma), interleukin 4 (il-4) and il-13 in the ear tissues, were also suppressed by dhmeq. discussion and conclusion: this study indicated that dhmeq would be useful for the treatment of ad.
atopic_dermatitis	purpose: atopic dermatitis (ad) is a chronic eczematous dermatitis that has a high prevalence and diverse clinical features. although several hypotheses about its multifactorial pathogenesis have been suggested, the cause is not yet fully understood. a better understanding of the clinical features may helpful inelucidating the pathogenesis of ad. methods: this retrospective study analyzed the questionnaires, medical charts, and laboratory examination results of 5,000 patients diagnosed with ad at a.single tertiary hospital in korea. results: the demographics, allergic comorbidities, family history, severity, and treatment experiences of the patients were analyzed. most of the patients were adults, 76.3% of whom were classified as havingan extrinsic type of ad. the mean eczema area and severity index (easi) score was found to be 13.68, and adult patients were found to have higher severity than the other age groups. the anatomical involvements were different among the age groups, with more involvements of the head and neck in adults. the patients reported seasonal changes and stress as the factors that aggravated their symptoms the most. topical steroids and oral cyclosporine were the most used medications at our clinic, whereas 10.1% of the patients underwent allergen -specific immunotherapy. conclusions: this analysis of 5,000 patients would lead to a better understanding of various subtypes and diverse clinical features of ad in koreans. distinct characteristics were observed among different age groups; thus, treatment strategies may need to be differentiated accordingly.
atopic_dermatitis	atopic dermatitis (ad) is a common inflammatory condition of the skin that is usually seen in childhood, but can onset or persist into adulthood. the characteristic distribution and morphology based on age, chronic relapsing course, and pruritus comprise the clinical criteria used in the diagnosis of ad. however, the numerous morphologies ranging from acute, weeping erythematous papules to chronic lichenified plaques, can be simulated by multiple other conditions, including inflammatory, infectious, neoplastic, and photo-dermatoses. recognition of the distinguishing features and clinical mimickers of atopic dermatitis is vital for an accurate and timely diagnosis, and initiation of proper treatment regimens.
atopic_dermatitis	the majority of research in the staphylococcus field has been dedicated to the understanding of staphylococcus aureus infections. in contrast, there is limited information on infections by coagulase-negative staphylococci (cons) and how the host responds to them. s. epidermidis, a member of the coagulase-negative staphylococci, is an important commensal organism of the human skin and mucous membranes; and there is emerging evidence of its benefit for human health in fighting off harmful microorganisms. however, s. epidermidis can cause opportunistic infections, which include particularly biofilm-associated infections on indwelling medical devices. these often can disseminate into the bloodstream; and in fact, s. epidermidis is the most frequent cause of nosocomial sepsis. the increasing use of medical implants and the dramatic shift in the patient demographic population in recent years have contributed significantly to the rise of s. epidermidis infections. furthermore, treatment has been complicated by the emergence of antibiotic-resistant strains. today, s. epidermidis is a major nosocomial pathogen posing significant medical and economic burdens. in this review, we present the current understanding of mechanisms of host defense against the prototypical cons species s. epidermidis as a commensal of the skin and mucous membranes, and during biofilm-associated infection and sepsis.
atopic_dermatitis	background: genetic differences in the target proteins, metabolizing enzymes and transporters that contribute to inter-individual differences in drug response are not integrated in contemporary drug development programs. ayurveda, that has propelled many drug discovery programs albeit for the search of new chemical entities incorporates inter-individual variability ""prakriti"" in development and administration of drug in an individualized manner. prakriti of an individual largely determines responsiveness to external environment including drugs as well as susceptibility to diseases. prakriti has also been shown to have molecular and genomic correlates. we highlight how integration of prakriti concepts can augment the efficiency of drug discovery and development programs through a unique initiative of ayurgenomics trisutra consortium. methods: five aspects that have been carried out are (1) analysis of variability in fda approved pharmacogenomics genes/snps in exomes of 72 healthy individuals including predominant prakriti types and matched controls from a north indian indo-european cohort (2) establishment of a consortium network and development of five genetically homogeneous cohorts from diverse ethnic and geo-climatic background (3) identification of parameters and development of uniform standard protocols for objective assessment of prakriti types (4) development of protocols for prakriti evaluation and its application in more than 7500 individuals in the five cohorts (5) development of data and sample repository and integrative omits pipelines for identification of genomic correlates. results: highlight of the study are (1) exome sequencing revealed significant differences between prakriti types in 28 snps of 11 fda approved genes of pharmacogenomics relevance viz. cyp2c19, cyp2b6, esr1, f2, pgr, hla-b, eila-dqa1, hla-drb1, ldlr, cftr, cps1. these variations are polymorphic in diverse indian and world populations included in 1000 genomes project. (2) based on the phenotypic attributes of prakriti we identified anthropometry for anatomical features, biophysical parameters for skin types, hrv for autonomic function tests, spirometry for vital capacity and gustometry for taste thresholds as objective parameters. (3) comparison of prakriti phenotypes across different ethnic, age and gender groups led to identification of invariant features as well as some that require weighted considerations across the cohorts. conclusion: considering the molecular and genomics differences underlying prakriti and relevance in disease pharmacogenomics studies, this novel integrative platform would help in identification of differently susceptible and drug responsive population. additionally, integrated analysis of phenomic and genomic variations would not only allow identification of clinical and genomic markers of prakriti for application in personalized medicine but also its integration in drug discovery and development programs. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
atopic_dermatitis	over the past decade, a vast array of nanomaterials has been created through the development of nanotechnology. with the increasing application of these nanomaterials in various fields, such as foods, cosmetics, and medicines, there has been concern about their safety, that is, nanotoxicity. therefore, there is an urgent need to collect information about the biological effects of nanomaterials so that we can exploit their potential benefits and design safer nanomaterials, while avoiding nanotoxicity as a result of inhalation or skin exposure. in particular, the immunomodulating effect of nanomaterials is one of most interesting aspects of nanotoxicity. however, the immunomodulating effects of nanomaterials through skin exposure have not been adequately discussed compared with the effects of inhalation exposure, because skin penetration by nanomaterials is thought to be extremely low under normal conditions. on the other hand, the immunomodulatory effects of nanomaterials via skin may cause severe problems for people with impaired skin barrier function, because some nanomaterials could penetrate the deep layers of their allergic or damaged skin. in addition, some studies, including ours, have shown that nanomaterials could exhibit significant immunomodulating effects even if they do not penetrate the skin. in this review, we summarize our current knowledge of the allergic responses induced by nanomaterials upon skin exposure. first, we discuss nanomaterial penetration of the intact or impaired skin barrier. next, we describe the immunomodulating effects of nanomaterials, focusing on the sensitization potential of nanomaterials and the effects of co-exposure of nanomaterials with substances such as chemical sensitizers or allergens, on the onset of allergy, following skin exposure. finally, we discuss the potential mechanisms underlying the immunomodulating effects of nanomaterials by describing the involvement of the protein corona in the interaction of nanomaterials with biological components and by presenting recent data about the adjuvant effects of well-characterized particle adjuvant, aluminum salt, as an example of immunomodulatory particulate.
digestive_health	the study investigates the effects of a post-weaning water restriction on performance, nutrient digestibility, carcass traits and meat quality of 84-day-old rabbits. a total of 1388 weaned rabbits (35 days) were randomly divided into two groups on the basis of bw and sex. the two groups were fed the same diets ad libitum both in the post-weaning (35 to 60 days) and fattening (61 to 84 days) periods. in the post-weaning period, one group (al) also received drinking water ad libitum, whereas the other (wr) had a water restriction from 35 to 41 days 2 h/day; from 42 to 48 days 2.5 h/day; from 49 to 55 days 3 h/day; and from 56 to 60 days 4 h/day. during the fattening period, both groups had water-free access. individual live weights and feed intake per cage were recorded weekly for 32 cages randomly chosen per group (64 rabbits) to calculate the bw gain, feed intake and feed conversion ratio (fcr). the apparent digestibility values of nutrients were measured using acid-insoluble ash. carcass data were collected from 16 rabbits (8 males and 8 females) per group selected for similar final bw in both groups. mortality from 35 to 60 days was higher in the al group (10.1% v. 5.2%, for al and wr, respectively, p < 0.0001). bw gain was higher for the al group during both the post-weaning (+22.4%, p < 0.01) and the entire period (+7.5%, p < 0.05). water restriction reduced feed intake both in the post-weaning (-17.4%, p < 0.0001) and in the entire period (-9.9%, p < 0.05). during the fattening period, fcr was lower for the wr group (5.15 v. 5.75 g/g, for wr and al, respectively, p < 0.05). the apparent digestibilities of dry matter, organic matter, ndf, adf and cellulose were greater in the restricted rabbits (+4.7%, +4.5%, +10.2%, +18.8% and +12.8%, p < 0.01, p < 0.01, p < 0.05, p < 0.01, p < 0.05, respectively). perirenal and scapular fat percentages were higher in the al rabbits (+30.7% and +116.6%, p < 0.01 and p < 0.001, respectively). water restriction increased saturated fatty acids (c16:0, +12.9%, p < 0.05), lauroleic acid (c12:1, +75.0%, p < 0.01), n-3 polyunsaturated fatty acids (c20:5, +50.0%, p < 0.01 and c22:5, +16.6%, p < 0.05) and the n-3/n-6 ratio (+28.6%, p < 0.05). the applied water restriction between 35 and 60 days executed during the winter months improved the digestive health of rabbits, with no negative effects on carcass traits, or physical and chemical meat characteristics. however, from the animal welfare point of view, a water restriction can be criticized as a method to restrict feed intake.
digestive_health	as a dietary source, the foliage of eucalyptus spp. is low in available protein and carbohydrate while containing polyphenolic compounds that interfere with enzymatic digestion. to overcome this, the koala (phascolarctos cinereus) has evolved a range of anatomical and physiological adaptations to assist with digestion and absorption of nutrients from this food source. microbial fermentation of partially digested eucalyptus leaves is thought to be critical in this process, however, little is known about the composition and diversity of microorganisms that are associated with digestive health in this native species. in this study, we performed 16s rrna gene pyrosequencing of caecum, colon and faecal pellet samples from two wild, free ranging, queensland koalas. our results reveal a highly complex and diverse ecosystem with considerable intra-individual variation. although samples were dominated by sequences from the bacteroidetes and firmicutes phyla there was considerable variation at the genus level. this study is the first non-culture based microbiota analysis, using 454-amplicon pyrosequencing, and provides preliminary data to expand our understanding of the koala hindgut. (c) 2013 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
digestive_health	background: gastrointestinal (gi) discomfort, e.g. bloating or rumbling, is a common symptom in otherwise healthy adults. approximately 20% of the population, particularly women suffer from gastrointestinal discomfort and this affects quality of life. recent studies discovered a link between the body and mind, called the gut-brain axis. psychosocial factors, such as e.g. daily stress may cause altered gut physiology leading to ileum contractions and consequently gastrointestinal symptoms. in vitro and ex vivo studies clearly showed that a perilla frutescens extract combines prokinetic, antispasmodic and anti-inflammatory effects. the aim of the intervention was to investigate the effects of the proprietary perilla extract on gi discomfort in healthy subjects with gastrointestinal discomfort and reduced bowel movements in comparison to a placebo product. methods: the pilot study was performed according to a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled parallel design. fifty healthy subjects with gastrointestinal discomfort and reduced bowel movements, 30-70 years, documented their gi symptoms, stool frequency and consistency daily during a 2-week run-in phase and a 4-week intervention phase with perilla frutescens extract or placebo. gi symptoms were assessed on a 5-point scale daily and average scores over 14 days intervals were calculated. results: all gi symptoms were significantly improved over time by perilla frutescens extract during the intervention phase (bloating: -0.44 +/- 0.56, p = 0.0003; passage of gas: -0.30 +/- 0.66, p = 0.0264; gi rumbling: -0.55 +/- 0.87, p = 0.0014; feeling of fullness: -0.36 +/- 0.72, p = 0.0152; abdominal discomfort: -0.54 +/- 0.75, p = 0.004), whereas in the placebo group only abdominal discomfort was significantly improved (-0.31 +/- 0.55, p = 0.0345). in the subgroup of women results were strengthened and a subscore out of bloating and abdominal discomfort was significantly improved against placebo (95% ci 0.003 to 0.77; p = 0.048). conclusion: the demonstrated effects of perilla frutescens extract to improve gi complaints offer very promising results, taking into consideration the challenging set up of a nutritional human study with healthy subjects and in the area of digestive health, which is known for high placebo effects.
digestive_health	ileus continues to be a common consequence of abdominal surgery, causing significant patient discomfort and often leading to more serious problems. the therapy available is limited, hence, ileus remains an important clinical problem. activation of inducible nitric oxide synthase (inos) directly modulates intestinal dysmotility after bowel manipulation and plays an essential role in initiating intestinal inflammation. nuclear factor (nf)-kappa b is known to be a critical component of inos gene transcriptional activation in response to inflammatory stimuli. bromelain is a crude extract from the pineapple stem, which is sold as a nutritional supplement to ""promote digestive health"" and as an anti-inflammatory medication in some developed countries. here, we have found that oral administration of bromelain improves decrease in defecation in abdominal postoperative rats. results showed that bromelain increased the wet weight, dry weight, water content and number of fecal pellets in laparotomized plus mechanically manipulated rats, suggesting improvement of postoperative ileus. furthermore, bromelain treatment inhibited overexpressed inos mrna and restored down-regulated inhibitor kappa b alpha mrna in the colon of the postoperative rats. from the in vitro experiments, bromelain inhibits lipopolysaccharide (lps)-induced nitrite overproduction in macrophage cell lines and lps-induced nf-kappa b luciferase reporter gene expression in raw264.7 macrophages transfected with nf-kappa b luciferase reporter gene. thus, our findings suggest that bromelain improves decrease in defecation in postoperative rats, at least in part, by inhibiting colonic inos overexpression via nf-kappa b pathway. our data indicates that bromelain may benefit patients with postoperative ileus. (c) 2005 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
digestive_health	the aims of this work were first to evaluate nutritional requirements of early weaned kits (23 days of age), more especially fibre (experiment 1) and protein (experiment 2) needs. in experiment 1, 276 early weaned rabbits were offered from 23 to 50 days of age one of the three experimental diets containing increasing acid-detergent fibre level (160, 190 or 220 g/kg). fibre was substituted by starch and fat to obtain three isoenergetic diets. in experiment 2, 306 early weaned rabbits were offered from 23 to 50 days of age one of the three experimental diets containing increasing crude protein (cp) level (150, 180 or 210 g/kg). protein was substituted by starch and fat to obtain three isoenergetic diets. these studies revealed no effect of the dietary fibre level and the dietary cp level on health status. but from 23 to 36 days of age rabbits given diets containing a fibre level over 190 g/kg or a cp level under 180 g/kg showed the lowest growth rate as compared with other respective treatments. secondly, this research aimed to evaluate the interaction between age at weaning (23 days or 35 days of age) and food (rd and ry diets) on digestive health and performances of young rabbits (experiment 3). rd diet was formulated to contain (per kg) 170 g starch, 160 g fibre and 180 g cp (according to the nutritional requirements of does) and ry diet was formulated to reach 110 g starch, 160 g fibre and 210 g cp (according to the results of experiments 1 and 2). 39 litters of nine pups per litter were assigned at 18 days of age to one of four experimental groups in a 2x2 factorial design: rd23 (no. =84 rabbits), ry23 (no. =85 rabbits), rd35 (no. =86 rabbits) and ry35 (no. =74 rabbits). food intake and live weight were not influenced by feeding strategy. between 23 and 35 days of age, mortality was higher in ry than in rd group (20 center dot 4 v. 6 center dot 8% respectively; p < 0 center dot 05). during this period growth rate was proportionately 0 center dot 584 higher in conventionally weaned than in early weaned rabbits ( p < 0 center dot 001). after 35 days of age, food intake and growth rate were proportionately 0 center dot 104 and 0 center dot 097 higher respectively in conventionally than in early weaned rabbits ( p < 0 center dot 05). consequently, live weight was higher in conventionally weaned rabbits at both 35 and 53 days of age (proportionately +0 center dot 113 and +0 center dot 267 respectively; p < 0 center dot 001). mortality rate between 23 and 35 days was 21 points higher ( p < 0 center dot 001) in early weaned than in conventionally weaned pups and 43 points higher ( p < 0 center dot 001) from 35 to 53 days of age. these data suggest that the removal of milk feeding by early weaning leads to detrimental effects on health and growth of the young, which were not compensated by a diet meeting better their nutritional needs.
digestive_health	gastrointestinal health in regard to the gut microbiome is a rapidly emerging field and has many key components driving its emergence. fibre, prebiotics and probiotics are all dietary components that can play a critical role in maintaining a healthy gut microflora. fibre has long been appreciated for its influential role in cardiovascular disease, glycaemic control and weight management through various physiological mechanisms. prebiotics have been shown to play an influential role in irritable bowel symptoms/disease, colon cancer, cardiovascular disease and overall digestive health. together, various types of fibres and prebiotics have been targeted and synthesised to influence the gut microbiome, specifically lactobacillus and bifidobacterium populations. lactobacillus spp. and bifidobacterium spp. are common markers for gut health because they have been shown to down-regulate inflammation in the gastrointestinal tract, alleviate irritable bowel syndrome symptoms, stimulate immune functions, aid in mineral absorption and produce little, if any, gas or known carcinogenic substances. probiotics have also been shown to display many of these pro-health components, and include many species of bacteria outside of the commonly utilised lactobacillus and bifidobacterium populations. how these dietary components are defined in the scientific and political arenas will play a critical role in the success of the gut health field moving forward. key changes in administrative definitions and requirements of these dietary components will influence consumption, awareness and understanding of these key influential components. the purpose of this review is to provide current accepted definitions for fibre, prebiotics and probiotics, as well as introduce key scientific studies describing the health benefits of these components, as well as current health claims.
digestive_health	the integrity of oral and digestive mucosa depend on many salivary components like the epidermal growth factor (egf). sometimes indicative, sometimes stimulated or modulated factor of oral and digestive health, egf appears as a clinical marker in neoplastic and inflammatory diseases. as cellular growth factor, it protects the digestive mucosa with stimulation of mucus production and with inhibition of gastric secretion. equally implicated in healing process, it enhances this one, and determines, in patients, more or less sensibility to inflammatory damages. its strategic place in various pathologies, as stomach ulcer and tumoral process, open research prospects with a real potential of repair and pronostic. (c) 2002 editions scientifiques et medicales elsevier sas. all rights reserved.
digestive_health	cereal-based foods are key components of the diet and they dominate most food-based dietary recommendations in order to achieve targets for intake of carbohydrate, protein and dietary fibre. processing (milling) of grains to produce refined grain products removes key nutrients and phytochemicals from the flour and although in some countries nutrients may be replaced with mandatory fortification, overall this refinement reduces their potential nutritional quality. there is increasing evidence from both observational and intervention studies that increased intake of less-refined, whole-grain (wg) foods has positive health benefits. the highest wg consumers are consistently shown to have lower risk of developing cvd, type 2 diabetes and some cancers. wg consumers may also have better digestive health and are likely to have lower bmi and gain less weight over time. the bulk of the evidence for the benefits of wg comes from observational studies, but evidence of benefit in intervention studies and potential mechanisms of action is increasing. overall this evidence supports the promotion of wg foods over refined grain foods in the diet, but this would require adoption of standard definitions of 'whole grain' and 'whole-grain foods' which will enable innovation by food manufacturers, provide clarity for the consumer and encourage the implementation of food-based dietary recommendations and public health strategies.
digestive_health	the effect of dietary inclusion of white lupin seed (wls) on the milk composition and yield of rabbit does as well as the performance of their litters was studied. two lactation diets having identical digestible protein (dp): de ratio and two weaning diets having identical dp: de ratio were formulated. the first lactation diet (sl) contained soybean meal (sbm; 13.0%) and sunflower meal (5.0%) as the main cp sources, whereas the second lactation diet (ll) was based on wls (25.0%). as a result, the ll diet had a greater ether extract (ee) content than did the sl diet. the first weaning diet (sw) included sbm (7.0%) as the main cp source, whereas the second weaning diet (lw) diet was based on wls (12.0%). no additional fat was added to any of the diets. a total of 32 (16 per treatment) hyplus ps 19 does (4,225 +/- 607 g bw, at the second parturition) were fed 1 of the 2 lactation diets. the litters were standardized to 9 kits (564 +/- 81 g bw) on the day of birth and were fed 1 of the 2 weaning diets from d 17 to 69 of age. at d 30 of age (weaning), 66 rabbits on each weaning diet (689 +/- 71 g bw; 3 per cage) were used to evaluate performance. feed intake and doe bw were not affected by the dietary treatments. milk yield tended to be higher between d 1 and 30 of lactation in does fed the ll diet (p = 0.094), a finding that is related to the higher dietary ee content and intake in the ll diet. when expressed per kilogram of metabolic weight, milk output (p < 0.05) and fat output (p < 0.05) were greater in these does. improved g:f (p < 0.05) between d 1 and 21 of lactation and greater adg (p = 0.072) and milk efficiency (p < 0.05) of litters was observed in does fed the ll diet. the milk of does fed the ll diet contained less linoleic acid (p < 0.05) and arachidonic acid (c 20:4n-6; p < 0.05) and more oleic acid (p < 0.05), alpha-linolenic acid (p < 0.05), and eicosapentaenic acid (p < 0.05), with a corresponding increase in the total pufa n-3: c 20:4n-6 ratio (p < 0.05). the performance of fattening rabbits was not affected by dietary treatment. the number of ill plus dead rabbits caused by digestive disease was lower (p < 0.05) in rabbits fed the lw diet. therefore, wls is a suitable dietary cp source for lactating does that can replace traditionally used cp sources without adverse effects on feed intake and milk yield or on the growth and viability of their litters. due to its fatty acid (fa) composition, the use of wls in the lactation diet has the potential to improve the milk fa composition of does.
digestive_health	in the present study, the results of a measurement campaign aiming to assess cancer risk among two special groups of population: policemen and laboratory technicians exposed to the toxic substances, benzene and formaldehyde are presented. the exposure is compared to general population risk. the results show that policemen working outdoor (traffic regulation, patrol on foot or in vehicles, etc.) are exposed at a significantly higher benzene concentration (3-5 times) than the general population, while the exposure to carbonyls is in general lower. the laboratory technicians appear to be highly exposed to formaldehyde while no significant variation of benzene exposure in comparison to the general population is recorded. the assessment revealed that laboratory technicians and policemen run a 20% and 1% higher cancer risk respectively compared to the general population. indoor working place air quality is more significant in assessing cancer risk in these two categories of professionals, due to the higher inhalation unit risk (iur) of formaldehyde compared to benzene. since the origin of the danger to laboratory technicians is clear (use of chemicals necessary for the experiments), in policemen the presence of carbonyls in indoor air concentrations due to smoking or used materials constitute a danger equal to the exposure to traffic originated air pollutants.
healthy_sleep	aims and objectives to explore sleep quality in infertile women and examine the factors that contribute to sleep disturbances during intrauterine insemination treatment. background sleep disturbance is an important factor of human health and well-being. sleep disturbances tend to occur among infertile women during intrauterine insemination treatment. although many studies have focused on the high percentage of somatic symptoms and psychological distress in infertile women associated with their treatment, few studies have investigated factors linked to their sleep disturbances. design a cross-sectional study. methods the study was conducted during the period of september 2010-january 2011 in a teaching hospital in taiwan. infertile women (n=117) who received assisted reproduction with intrauterine insemination treatment completed a questionnaire. demographic data, somatic symptoms, psychological distress and perceived sleep quality were collected. results more than one-third (35%) of the infertile women reported having sleep disturbances. their nausea symptoms and psychological distress were risk factors that contributed to sleep disturbance. conclusions the variables of nausea and psychological distress significantly explained 30% of the sleep disturbances in the infertile women. the evaluation of nausea symptoms and/or psychological distress among infertile women is an important area of future research; such research should aim to identify the best compromise between infertility treatment and sleep quality. relevance to clinical practice clinical obstetrics and gynaecology nurses should develop strategies to help infertile women reduce their nausea symptoms and psychological distress during intrauterine insemination treatment to promote healthy sleep.
healthy_sleep	healthy sleep is essential in children 's cognitive, behavioral, and emotional development. however, remarkably little is known about the influence of sleep disorders on different memory processes in childhood. such data could give us a deeper insight into the effect of sleep on the developing brain and memory functions and how the relationship between sleep and memory changes from childhood to adulthood. in the present study we examined the effect of sleep disorder on declarative and non-declarative memory consolidation by testing children with sleep-disordered breathing (sdb) which is characterized by disrupted sleep structure. we used a story recall task to measure declarative memory and alternating serial reaction time (asrt) task to assess nondeclarative memory. this task enables us to measure two aspects of non-declarative memory, namely general motor skill learning and sequence-specific learning. there were two sessions: a learning phase and a testing phase, separated by a 12 h offline period with sleep. our data showed that children with sdb exhibited a generally lower declarative memory performance both in the learning and testing phase; however, both the sdb and control groups exhibited retention of the previously recalled items after the offline period. here we showed intact non declarative consolidation in sdb group in both sequence-specific and general motor skill. these findings suggest that sleep disorders in childhood have a differential effect on different memory processes (online vs. offline) and give us insight into how sleep disturbances affects developing brain.
healthy_sleep	study objectives: investigate whether a realistic ""dose"" of shortened sleep, relative to a well-rested state, causes a decline in adolescents' learning and an increase in inattentive and sleepy behaviors in a simulated classroom setting. methods: eighty-seven healthy 14.0- to 16.9-year olds underwent a 3-week sleep manipulation protocol, including two 5-night sleep manipulation conditions presented in a randomly counterbalanced within-subjects cross-over design. wake time was held constant. bedtimes were set to induce short sleep (ss; 6.5 hours in bed) versus healthy sleep (hs; 10 hours in bed). during the morning at the end of each condition, participants underwent a simulated classroom procedure in which they viewed lecture-based educational videotapes and completed relevant quizzes. their behaviors in the simulated classroom were later coded by condition-blind raters for evidence of inattention and sleepiness. results: adolescents had a longer average sleep period during hs (9.1 hours) than ss (6.5 hours). compared to scores during hs, adolescents scored significantly lower on the quiz, showed more behaviors suggestive of inattention and sleepiness in the simulated classroom, and were reported by adolescents themselves and by their parents to be more inattentive and sleepy during ss. however, the impact of the manipulation on quiz scores was not mediated by changes in attention or sleepiness. conclusions: although effect sizes were modest, these findings suggest that previously-reported correlations between sleep duration and academic performance reflect true cause-effect relationships. findings add to the growing evidence that the chronically shortened sleep experienced by many adolescents on school nights adversely impacts their functioning and health.
healthy_sleep	study objectives: several organizations have provided recommendations to ensure high school starts no sooner than 08:30. however, although there are plausible biological reasons to support such recommendations, published recommendations have been based largely on expert opinion and a few observational studies. we sought to perform a critical review of published evidence regarding the effect of high school start times on sleep and other relevant outcomes. methods: we performed a broad literature search to identify 287 candidate publications for inclusion in our review, which focused on studies offering direct comparison of sleep time, academic or physical performance, behavioral health measures, or motor vehicular accidents in high school students. where possible, outcomes were combined for meta-analysis. results: after application of study criteria, only 18 studies were suitable for review. eight studies were amenable to meta-analysis for some outcomes. we found that later school start times, particularly when compared with start times more than 60 min earlier, are associated with longer weekday sleep durations, lower weekday-weekend sleep duration differences, reduced vehicular accident rates, and reduced subjective daytime sleepiness. improvement in academic performance and behavioral issues is less established. conclusions: the literature regarding effect of school start time delays on important aspects of high school life suggests some salutary effects, but often the evidence is indirect, imprecise, or derived from cohorts of convenience, making the overall quality of evidence weak or very weak. this review highlights a need for higher-quality data upon which to base important and complex public health decisions.
healthy_sleep	objectives restrictions in sleep can have important adverse effects on health and job performance. we collected information about sleep from us healthcare workers to determine whether they had sleep difficulties. methods we used an internet-based survey to collect information on sleep patterns and sleep quality in healthcare workers at a tertiary care hospital. we classified these workers into short sleepers (<7 hours), normal sleepers (7-8 hours), and long sleepers (9 hours). we compared these three groups using simple descriptive statistics. we used logistic regression to identify factors associated with short sleep times. results of 3012 questionnaires distributed, 376 healthcare workers (12.5%) replied to this survey. the median age was 38 years, the median body mass index was 28 kg/m(2), and 76% were women. the median sleep duration on weekdays was 7 hours. sixty-nine respondents (18.4%) were short sleepers, 269 of the respondents (71.5%) were normal sleepers, and 38 respondents (10.1%) were long sleepers. a total of 113 (30.1%) had sleep difficulties more than 50% of the time and 140 respondents (37.3%) were bothered by lack of energy from poor sleep. short sleepers were less likely than other types of sleepers to have normal bedtimes and regular mealtimes. eighty-four respondents (22.3%) went to bed between 2 am and 2 pm. these workers were younger; slept less on the weekdays and weekends; and reported more difficulty with sleeping, feeling depressed, overconsumption of alcoholic beverages, and personal stressors. conclusions most healthcare workers have healthy sleep patterns; however, many workers have poor sleep quality. workers with odd bedtimes have abnormal sleep patterns and abnormal sleep quality; these workers need additional evaluation to understand the causes and consequences of their sleep patterns.
healthy_sleep	objectives: to describe sleep duration and sleep characteristics, and to examine the associations between sleep duration and characteristics and body weight status, diet quality, and physical activity levels among grade 5 children in nova scotia. methods: a provincially representative sample of 5,560 grade 5 children and their parents in nova scotia was surveyed. parents were asked to report their child 's bedtime and wake-up time, and to indicate how often their child snored or felt sleepy during the day. dietary intake and physical activity were self-reported by children using the harvard youth/adolescent food frequency questionnaire and the physical activity questionnaire for children respectively. body weight status was determined using measured heights and weights. linear and logistic random effects models with children nested within schools were used to test for associations. results: approximately half of the surveyed parents reported that their children were not getting adequate sleep at night. longer sleep duration was statistically significantly associated with decreased risk for overweight and obesity independent of other sleep characteristics (or = 0.82, 95% ci: 0.73, 0.91). longer sleep duration was also associated with better diet quality and higher levels of physical activity. conclusions: these findings indicate a need for health promotion strategies to encourage adequate sleep and to promote healthy sleep environments among children. given the links among sleep, body weight status and lifestyle behaviours, these messages should be included in public health interventions aimed at preventing obesity and promoting health among children.
healthy_sleep	objectives: current recommendations for healthy sleep in school-aged children are predominantly focused on optimal sleep duration (9-11 h). however, given the importance of routine for circadian health, the stability of sleep/wake schedules may also be important, especially for daytime behavioral functioning. we examined the relationship between short sleep duration, sleep schedule instability and behavioral difficulties in a community sample of australian children. methods: children, aged 5-10 years (n = 1622), without chronic health or psychological conditions, were recruited from primary schools in adelaide, south australia. a parent-report questionnaire was used to assess sleep/wake behavior. behavioral functioning was assessed using the strengths and difficulties questionnaire. results: most children met sleep duration recommendations with approximately 5% reporting12 h. weekly variability of bed and rise times >1 h were reported in up to 50% of children. multinomial regression analysis revealed sleep duration60 min, and bed and rise time variability >60 min significantly increased the risk of scoring in the 95th percentile for behavioral subscales. conclusions: inconsistent sleep schedules were common and, similar to short sleep duration, were associated with behavioral difficulties. considering the lack of study in this area, further research is needed for the development of new recommendations, education and sleep health messages. (c) 2011 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
healthy_sleep	under normal sleep-wake conditions, noradrenaline (na) secretions in supine subjects exhibit a weak circadian variation with a peak that occurs around noon; the sleep span is characterized by reduced na secretion. some investigators have reported that the circadian na rhythm is completely obliterated during sleep deprivation. in our laboratory, plasma na was assayed every hour for 24 h in nine healthy men 20-23 years of age. all men were deprived of sleep and were required to eat and walk around every hour to prevent sleep. however, subjects remained supine for 20 min before blood samples were collected to eliminate the effect of activity. persistence of a slight decrease in the night concentration in several subjects, despite sleep deprivation, suggests that na secretion may be influenced by a biological clock whose activity becomes visible when the influence of posture is removed.
healthy_sleep	study objectives: work-family conflict is a threat to healthy sleep behaviors among employees. this study aimed to examine how work-to-family conflict (demands from work that interfere with one 's family/personal life; wtfc) and family-to-work conflict (demands from family/personal life that interfere with work; ftwc) are associated with several dimensions of sleep among information technology workers. methods: employees at a u.s. it firm (n = 799) provided self-reports of sleep sufficiency (feeling rested upon waking), sleep quality, and sleep maintenance insomnia symptoms (waking up in the middle of the night or early morning) in the last month. they also provided a week of actigraphy for nighttime sleep duration, napping, sleep timing, and a novel sleep inconsistency measure. analyses adjusted for work conditions (job demands, decision authority, schedule control, and family-supportive supervisor behavior), and household and sociodemographic characteristics. results: employees who experienced higher wtfc reported less sleep sufficiency, poorer sleep quality, and more insomnia symptoms. higher wtfc also predicted shorter nighttime sleep duration, greater likelihood of napping, and longer nap duration. furthermore, higher wtfc was linked to greater inconsistency of nighttime sleep duration and sleep clock times, whereas higher ftwc was associated with more rigidity of sleep timing mostly driven by wake time. conclusions: results highlight the unique associations of wtfc/ftwc with employee sleep independent of other work conditions and household and sociodemographic characteristics. our novel methodological approach demonstrates differential associations of wtfc and ftwc with inconsistency of sleep timing. given the strong associations between wtfc and poor sleep, future research should focus on reducing wtfc.
healthy_sleep	objective: to test whether subjects spontaneously signal sleepiness before falling asleep under monotonous conditions. methods: twenty-eight healthy students were deprived of sleep for one night and then underwent a ""maintenance-of-wakefulness test"" (mwt) consisting of four 40-min trials. they were told to give a signal as soon as they felt sleepy and to try to stay awake as long as possible. in a first series of tests, the subjects were given no reward (nr); in a second series, monetary rewards (wr) were given both for an accurate perception of sleepiness and for staying awake longer. results: seventeen of the 28 subjects (60.7%) did not signal sleepiness before a sleep fragment occurred in at least one of the four mwt trials. women were more reliably aware of sleepiness than men in the nr trials (p = .02), while the men 's performance improved in the wr trials (p < .02), becoming equivalent to the women 's performance. conclusions: our results cast doubt on the general assumption that one cannot fall asleep without feeling sleepy first. if similar results can be obtained in monotonous driving or working situations, this will imply that accidents caused by sleepiness or by falling asleep cannot necessarily be attributed to an individual 's negligence. (c) 2010 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
anxiety	relationships with parents and friends are important contexts for developing romantic relationship skills. parents and friends may influence both the timing of involvement and the quality of romantic relationships. three models of the joint influence of parents and friends (direct effects model, mediation model, and moderator model) have been proposed. the present study uses data from a longitudinal study (n = 1012; 49.8% female; 81.1% caucasian) to examine how attachment and friendship quality at age 10 years predict romantic relationship involvement and quality at ages 12 and 15 years. the results supported the direct effects model, with attachment and friendship quality uniquely predicting different romantic relationship outcomes. the findings provide further support for the important influence of family and friends on early romantic relationships.
anxiety	the entire himalayan region is prone to disasters, with many people being vulnerable to hydroclimatic threats such as extreme rainfall-driven floods, glacial lake outburst floods (glofs), landslide lake outburst floods (llofs), and landslides triggered by rainfall. landslides and floods are related, as the former cause the lakes that burst, and floods can undercut slopes and cause landslides. during the past 200 years, landslides and floods caused by llofs in the garhwal himalaya have occurred in 1894,1970, and 1978; but the most disastrous event, in terms of loss of life and economic impact, occurred in june 2013, which was a result of extreme rainfall in the higher himalaya and breaching of a moraine-dammed lake, very short-lived llofs, and rainfall-induced runoff and landslides. outmigration from the area as a result of the 2013 event has caused anxiety about the future of the economy and also concerns about security of a state that has an international border. as a contribution to planning and reconstruction to secure the livelihoods of the local people and to entice migrants to return, this paper identifies zones in the mandakini valley susceptible to landslides using a 'weights of evidence' approach. the roles of climate, geology, and geomorphology of the valley are also given attention to explain the reasons for the disastrous event of june 2013. the results of the research presented here may be an important input to disaster governance. (c) 2016 elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
anxiety	we investigated the role of self-focused attention (sfa) in social anxiety (disorder) in an ecologically valid way. in experiment 1 high (n = 26) versus low (n = 25) socially anxious single women between 18 and 30 years had a video (""slcype"") conversation with an attractive male confederate, while seeing themselves and the confederate on-screen. the conversation was divided in four phases: (i) warm-up, (ii) positive (confederate was friendly to the participant), (iii) critical (confederate was critical to the participant), and (iv) active (participant was instructed to ask questions to the confederate). participant 's sfa was measured by eye-tracked gaze duration at their own image relative to the confederates' video image and other places at the computer screen. results show that high socially anxious participants were more self-focused in the critical phase, but less self-focused in the active phase than low socially anxious participants. in experiment 2 women diagnosed with sad (n = 32) and controls (n = 30) between 18 and 30 years conducted the same experiment. compared to controls participants with sad showed increased sfa across all four phases of the conversation, and sfa predicted increased self-rated anxiety during the conversation. in conclusion, in subclinical social anxiety sfa is high only when the interaction partner is critical, whereas instructions to ask questions to the confederate reduces subclinical socially anxious' sfa, while clinical sad is characterized by heightened self-focused attention throughout the interaction. results support theories that social anxiety disorder is maintained by sfa, and imply that interventions that lower sfa may help prevent and treat social anxiety disorder, but that sfa can also be adaptive in certain types of interaction, such as when receiving compliments. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
anxiety	introductionthis study examined the relationships between changes in symptoms and changes in quality of life (qol) during cognitive-behavioral therapy (cbt) for panic disorder (pd). methodswe treated 198 pd patients with group cbt in japan. using multiple regression analysis, we examined the associations between changes in qol and changes in pd symptoms or comorbid psychological symptoms during cbt. resultschanges in anticipatory anxiety, agoraphobic fear/avoidance, and somatization were significant predictors of changes in some aspects of qol. discussionit might be useful to decrease somatization, anticipatory anxiety, and agoraphobic fear to improve qol in cbt for pd.
anxiety	a neurochemical target at which cannabinoids interact to have global effects on behavior is brain noradrenergic circuitry. acute and repeated administration of a cannabinoid receptor synthetic agonist is capable of increasing multiple indices of noradrenergic activity. this includes cannabinoid-induced 1) increases in norepinephrine (ne) release in the medial prefrontal cortex (mpfc); 2) desensitization of cortical alpha 2-adrenoceptor-mediated effects; 3) activation of c-fos in brainstem locus coeruleus (lc) noradrenergic neurons; and 4) increases in anxiety like behaviors. in the present study, we sought to examine adaptations in adrenoceptor expression and function under conditions of cannabinoid receptor type 1 (cb1r) deletion using knockout (ko) mice and compare these to wild type (wt) controls. electrophysiological analysis of alpha 2-adrenoceptor-mediated responses in mpfc slices in wt mice showed a clonidine-induced a2-adrenoceptor-mediated increase in mpfc cell excitability coupled with an increase in input resistance. in contrast, cb1r ko mice showed an alpha 2-adrenoceptor-mediated decrease in mpfc cell excitability. we then examined protein expression levels of alpha 2- and beta 1-adrenoceptor subtypes in the mpfc as well as th expression in the locus coeruleus (lc) of mice deficient in cb1r. both alpha 2- and inadrenoceptors exhibited a significant decrease in expression levels in cb1r ko mice when compared to wt in the mpfc, while a significant increase in th was observed in the lc. to better define whether the same cortical neurons express alpha 2a-adrenoceptor and cb1r in mpfc, we utilized high-resolution immunoelectron microscopy. we localized alpha 2a-adrenoceptors in a knock-in mouse that expressed a hemoagglutinin (ha) tag downstream of the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor promoter. although the alpha 2a-adrenoceptor was often identifiedpre-synaptically, we observed co-localization of cb1r with alpha 2-adrenoceptors post-synaptically in the same mpfc neurons. finally, using receptor binding, we confirmed prior results showing that alpha 2a-adrenoceptor is unchanged in mpfc following acute or chronic exposure to the synthetic cannabinoid receptor agonist, win 55,212-2, but is increased, following chronic treatment followed by a period of abstinence. taken together, these data provide convergent lines of evidence indicating cannabinoid regulation of the cortical adrenergic system. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
anxiety	studies on the diurnal sleep-wake rhythm of patients with lung cancer have mostly examined patients cross-sectionally, whereas the effects of lung cancer treatment over time have rarely been considered. through long-term longitudinal tracking of patients with lung cancer, this study examined changes in their sleep-wake rhythm, sleep quality, anxiety, depressive symptoms, fatigue and quality of life (qol) at various treatment stages. in addition, factors affecting their qol were explored. hierarchical linear modeling was adopted to analyze a convenience sample of 82 patients with lung cancer. the changes in their sleep-wake rhythm, sleep, mood (anxiety, depressive symptoms and fatigue) and qol were observed at five time points: prior to treatment and at weeks 6, 12, 24 and 48 after the start of the treatment. the effects of sex, age, cancer stage, treatment type, comorbidities and time were controlled to determine the predictors of patients' qol. the results showed that patients' sleep-wake rhythms were poor before treatments. compared with baseline, the sleep-wake rhythms of the patients significantly improved at week 48, and anxiety significantly improved at weeks 6, 12, 24 and 48. by contrast, their fatigue became exacerbated at weeks 8 and 48. moreover, qol improved significantly from week 6 until the end of the treatment period. qol was negatively affected by poor sleep quality (beta = -0.69, p = 0.00) and depressive symptoms (beta = -2.59, p < 0.001) and positively affected by regular sleep-wake rhythms (beta = 0.23, p = 0.001). therefore, clinical health-care professionals should focus more attention to the fatigue levels of patients with lung cancer before, during and after treatment. health-care professionals may also need to provide such patients with health education regarding sleep hygiene and with emotional support to assist them in maintaining regular sleep-wake rhythms in order to improve their qol.
anxiety	objective: psychiatric symptoms of varying degrees that accompany hyperemesis gravidarum (hg) may continue throughout the pregnancy or after, and these psychological problems may cause morbidity. in this study, we aimed to evaluate the relationship between the hg and psychiatric symptoms in the first trimester and postpartum depression. methods: two hundred and seven pregnant who were diagnosed as hg and 177 healthy pregnant women included in this prospective study. all cases were assessed with scl-90-r in first trimester and with ed in postpartum period. factors related to postpartum psychiatric symptoms were investigated with bivariate logistic regression analysis. results: scl-90-r and ed scores were statistically significant at hg group (p<0.05). in cases who diagnosed as postpartum depression, the rates of hg and scl-90-r results were higher (p<0.05). in the bivariate analysis, the high rates of hg and high scl-90-r scores were determined to be related to postpartum depression (p<0.05). conclusions: the results show that mental health is negatively affected by hg at pregnancy, and in this case, psychiatric symptoms may continue even after discontinuation hg.
anxiety	backgroundtemporal discounting refers to the tendency for rewards to lose value as the expected delay to receipt increases. individuals with anorexia nervosa (an) have been found to show reduced temporal discounting rates, indicating a greater preference for delayed rewards compared to healthy peers. obsessive-compulsive disorder (ocd) and social anxiety disorder (sad) commonly co-occur with an, and anxiety has been related to development and prognosis of an. we examined whether reduced temporal discounting is present across these potentially related disorders, and explored the relationship between temporal discounting and anxiety transdiagnostically. methodsone hundred ninety six individuals (75 healthy controls (hc); 50 ocd; 27 an; 44 sad) completed two temporal discounting tasks in which they chose between smaller-sooner and larger-later monetary rewards. two measures of discountingdiscount rate and discount factorwere compared between diagnostic groups, and associations with anxious traits were examined. resultsindividuals with an showed decreased temporal discounting compared to hc. ocd and sad groups did not differ significantly from hc. across the sample, anxiety was associated with decreased discounting; more anxious individuals showed a greater preference for delayed reward. conclusionswe replicated the findings that individuals with an show an increased preference for delayed reward relative to hc and that individuals with ocd do not differ from hc. we also showed that individuals with sad do not differ from hc in discounting. across this large sample, two measures of anxious temperament were associated with temporal discounting. these data raise new questions about the relationship between this dimensional trait and psychopathology.
anxiety	erectile dysfunction (ed) and premature ejaculation (pe) are two forms of male sexual disorder with both psychological and physical features. while their cognitive, attentional, and affective components have been investigated separately, there is a lack of knowledge about the role played by cognitive attentional syndrome in their onset and maintenance. the aim of the present study was to investigate the possible contribution of perseverative thinking styles and thought control strategies to the development and maintenance of ed and pe. the authors hypothesized that such modes of processing might constitute a cognitive attentional syndrome specific to these disorders and sustained by particular metacognitive beliefs. a semistructured interview was administered to 11 participants with ed and 10 with pe in order to assess their metacognitive beliefs and cognitive attentional processes. the results suggest that individuals with ed and pe adopt a range of cognitive attentional strategies aimed at improving their sexual performance, and endorse both positive and negative metacognitive beliefs about these thinking responses. overall, their cognitive and attentional patterns worsened negative internal states, reduced sexual excitement, detached them from their bodily sensations, and hindered sexual functioning. these preliminary findings suggest that perseverative thinking, thought control strategies, and metacognitive beliefs may play a key role in the onset and maintenance of male sexual dysfunction.
anxiety	this study attempted to examine the validity of the italian version of the career factors inventory (cfi), a psychometric tool widely used in the assessment of cognitive and personal-emotional dimensions of career indecision, among a sample of 2,060 italian students attending high school and university. recurring to both exploratory and confirmatory factor analyses, the original four-factor structure was confirmed and returned, in line with the literature, satisfactory reliability indices; moreover, cfi subscales showed intercorrelations consistent with previous studies, albeit lower in some cases. subsequently, convergent validity between the four cfi subscales and other scales via zero-order correlation was tested, confirming previous evidence except for need for career information. in conclusion, consistent with previous studies, the italian version of the cfi showed to be a valid and reliable instrument for the evaluation of dimensions of career indecision.
psoriasis	the relative genetic and immune protection against melanoma and nonmelanoma skin cancers in those with vitiligo is reassuring. the results of recent studies allow us to be cautiously optimistic when discussing the risk of skin cancer caused by therapeutic exposure to narrow-band ultraviolet b light. however, we should continue to recommend sun protection at all other times to avoid burning in vitiliginous skin and to decrease incidental ultraviolet exposure. it is also important to perform full skin checks regularly in light of the prolonged courses of phototherapy required to repigment vitiliginous skin and maintain repigmentation thereafter.
psoriasis	background: psoriasis is a chronic condition with negative impact on patients' quality of life that most often requires lifelong effective and safe treatment. objective: this analysis focused on the effect of secukinumab treatment on patient-reported health-related quality of life as assessed by the dermatology life quality index (dlqi) in patients with moderate to severe psoriasis. methods: the proportion of subjects achieving dlqi score 0/1 response at week 24, time to dlqi score 0/1 response, and sustained dlqi score 0/1 response up to week 52 were compared between secukinumab and etanercept. results: of 1470 subjects, 1144 received secukinumab and 326 received etanercept. dlqi score 0/1 response rates were significantly higher for secukinumab than for etanercept at week 24. the median time to dlqi score 0/1 response was significantly shorter for secukinumab versus etanercept (12 vs 24 weeks; p < .01). the majority of secukinumab-treated subjects achieved dlqi score 0/1 response at week 24 and sustained it through week 52 along with a 90% to 100% reduction in the psoriasis area and severity index total score response. limitations: placebo comparisons are limited during the maintenance period because of rerandomization at week 12. conclusion: secukinumab treatment provided faster and greater sustained improvements in quality of life than etanercept over 52 weeks, consistent with greater clinical response.
psoriasis	psoriasis is a chronic inflammatory skin disease with profound effects on patients' health-related quality of life (hrqol). twenty-nine patients with plaque psoriasis and a history of streptococcal-associated psoriasis exacerbations were randomly assigned to tonsillectomy (n = 15) or control (n = 14) groups and followed for 24 months. patients were evaluated with the psoriasis disability index, psoriasis life stress inventory and psoriasis area and severity index. hrqol and psoriasis-related stress improved significantly in the tonsillectomy group compared with the control group (p = 0.037 and p = 0.002, respectively), with a mean 50% improvement in hrqol and a mean 59% improvement in psoriasis-induced stress. clinical improvement correlated significantly with improved hrqol (r = 0.297, p = 0.008) and psoriasis-related stress (r = 0.310, p = 0.005). of the tonsillectomized patients, 87% concluded that the procedure was worthwhile. tonsillectomy may improve quality of life for selected patients with plaque psoriasis.
psoriasis	the proinflammatory cytokine il-36. is highly expressed in epithelial cells and is a pivotal mediator of epithelial inflammation. in particular, il-36. is strongly associated with the inflammatory skin disease psoriasis. as with other il-1 cytokines, il-36. is expressed as an inactive precursor and must be processed by specific proteases to become bioactive. our aim therefore was to identify protease/s capable of il-36. activation and explore the importance of this activation in psoriasis. using a keratinocyte-based activity assay in conjunction with small-molecule inhibitors and sirna gene silencing, cathepsin s was identified as the major il-36 gamma-activating protease expressed by epithelial cells. interestingly, cathepsin s activity was strongly up-regulated in samples extracted from psoriasis patients relative to healthy controls. in addition, il-36 gamma-ser18, identified as the main product of cathepsin s-dependent il-36. cleavage, induced psoriasiform changes in human skin-equivalent models. together, these data provide important mechanistic insights into the activation of il-36. and highlight that cathepsin s-mediated activation of il-36. may be important in the development of numerous il36 gamma-driven pathologies, in addition to psoriasis.
psoriasis	background: psoriasis vulgaris is characterized by disfiguring and stigmatizing skin lesions. the links among lesions distribution, severity, and stigmatization remain unclear. objective: we sought to investigate if the involvement of visible and sensitive areas is linked to stigmatization. methods: in all, 115 patients with psoriasis vulgaris were assessed for disease severity, skin lesions distribution, itch, and stigmatization using the feelings of stigmatization questionnaire. quality of life was assessed with the dermatology life quality index and the world health organization quality of life-bref. results: the localization of psoriatic lesions on the back of hands was related to higher stigmatization levels (p = .011, total score of the feelings of stigmatization questionnaire), but not the involvement of nails, the palms, the face, or the genital area nor overall disease severity. all patients reported some level of stigmatization, regardless of the localization of lesions and type of psoriasis. higher levels of stigmatization characterized patients who claimed not to be able to hide their lesions by clothing (p = .025), women (p = .001), and the unemployed (p = .004). stigmatization was the strongest predictor of quality of life impairment. limitations: only hospitalized patients were included. conclusions: psoriatic lesions on the back of hands are debilitating and warrant effective treatment. special attention should be paid to female patients, who are more sensitive to stigmatization.
psoriasis	psoriasis is a common chronic inflammatory and immune-mediated skin disease. antagonists of tnf-alpha and, recently, il-17 have proven to be highly effective in the treatment for psoriasis; however, the molecular mechanisms involved in the pathogenesis of psoriasis are poorly understood. recently, we presented evidence that i kappa b zeta is a key regulator in the development of psoriasis through its role in mediating il-17a-driven effects. like il-17a, il-17f is produced by a variety of immune cells, and the expression of il-17f is increased in psoriatic skin. the purpose of this study was to characterize the role of il-17f in the regulation of i kappa b zeta expression and to investigate whether il-17f regulates psoriasis-associated genes in human keratinocytes through i kappa b zeta. here, we demonstrate that il-17f stimulation induces i kappa b zeta expression at both the mrna and the protein levels in normal human keratinocytes. moreover, silencing i kappa b zeta by sirna revealed that i kappa b zeta is a key regulator of specific il-17f-inducible psoriasis-associated genes and proteins, including defb4/hbd2, s100a7, ccl20, il-8 and chi3l1. in addition, il-17f-induced i kappa b zeta expression is mediated by a mechanism involving the p38 mapk and nf-kappa b signalling pathways, as shown by the clear reduction in il-17f-mediated expression of i kappa b zeta during chemical inhibition of these two signalling pathways. in summary, we present i kappa b zeta as a novel key regulator of il-17f-driven effects in psoriasis. thus, antagonists to i kappa b zeta could potentially provide a more targeted approach for treating psoriasis as well as for treating the other inflammatory and immune-mediated diseases for which il-17-targeting drugs have recently been approved.
psoriasis	background: psoriasis is associated with numerous comorbidities, often reported in terms of relative risk. both doctors and the general population tend to overestimate the effects of exposures when presented in relative terms, leading to anxiety and potentially poor treatment decisions. absolute risks might provide a better basis for risk assessment. objective: to characterize and compare relative and absolute risks of comorbidities in patients with psoriasis. methods: a systematic review using medline identified comorbidities associated with psoriasis, their relative risks, and information for calculating absolute risks. results: the comorbidities associated with psoriasis with the highest relative risk were nonmelanoma skin cancer, melanoma, and lymphoma, with relative risks of 7.5, 6.12, and 3.61, respectively; the attributable risk for these 3 conditions were 0.64, 0.05, and 0.17 per 1000 person-years, respectively. to attribute 1 event of these conditions to psoriasis would require seeing 1551; 20,135; and 5823 patients, respectively. limitations: database studies might not fully account for confounders, resulting in overestimates of the risk impact of comorbidities. conclusions: presenting attributable risk in the form of the number needed to harm provides a clearer picture of the magnitude of risk and a basis for wiser medical decision making and patient education.
psoriasis	psoriasis is resistant to treatment and it shows frequent relapse; systemic treatment is often associated with toxicities, and long-term safety data are lacking for most of the newer drugs like biologics. moreover, some body areas such as hands, feet, intertriginous areas, scalp, and nails are even more resistant. frequently, systemic treatments are necessary considering the higher psychological impact on the patient. there is a lack of agreement on the best therapeutic modalities in the management of psoriasis involving difficult-to-treat locations. at present, there are no indian guidelines for these conditions. available literature has been reviewed extensively on the treatment of psoriasis involving difficult-to-treat locations; level of evidence has been evaluated as per the oxford centre for evidence-based medicine 2011 guideline, and therapeutic suggestions have been developed. best care has been employed to consider socioeconomic, cultural, genetic, and ethnic factors to prepare a therapeutic suggestion that is appropriate and logical to be used among indian population and people of similar ethnic and socioeconomic background.
psoriasis	overweight is a proposed risk factor for psoriasis. how-ever, evidence from prospective studies is limited. the aim of this study was to investigate the association be-tween overweight, weight gain and risk of psoriasis, and potential synergism with smoking, within a population-based cohort including 8,752 individuals followed from 1994 up to 2008. there was a 32% increased odds of psoriasis from a body mass index (bmi) of 27 kg/m(2), in multi-variable logistic regression analysis, further increasing to 43% at bmi 28 kg/m(2), and to 71% at bmi >= 30 kg/m(2) in non-smokers. there was a dose-response association between weight gain from age 25 years, with up to 90% higher odds of psoriasis from middle age, independent of weight category. there was no indication of a synergism between overweight and smoking, and no interaction with sex. overweight and weight gain represent modifiable risk factors that may be targets for primary prevention of psoriasis.
psoriasis	objective: psoriasis has been considered as systemic disorder. lipocalin-2 might be a link between psoriasis and its comorbidities. aim of the study was to investigate the associations between serum lipocalin-2 levels and the disease activity, markers of inflammation or metabolic disturbances and changes after topical treatment in psoriatic patients. methods: thirty-seven individuals with active plaque-type psoriasis and 15 healthy controls were recruited. blood samples were collected before and after 14 days of therapy. serum lipocalin-2 concentrations were examined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. the results were correlated with psoriasis area and severity index (pasi), body mass index (bmi), inflammatory and biochemical markers, lipid profile and with effectiveness of topical treatment. results: lipocalin-2 serum levels were significantly increased in psoriatic patients in comparison to the controls (p=0.023). no significant correlations with indicators of inflammation, nor bmi or pasi were noted. a statistical association between lipocalin-2 and low-density lipoprotein-cholesterol was shown. after topical treatment serum lipocalin-2 level did not significantly change (p=0.9), still remaining higher than in the controls, despite clinical improvement. conclusions: lipocalin-2 might be a marker of psoriasis and convey cardiovascular or metabolic risk in psoriatic patients, but may not be a reliable indicator of inflammation, severity of psoriasis nor efficacy of antipsoriatic treatment.
ankylosing_spondylitis	objective. neck pain is common in rheumatoid arthritis (ra) and ankylosing spondylitis (as). we investigated the correlation of bone marrow edema (bme) on magnetic resonance imaging (mri) in ra and as and its association with clinical complaints of neck pain. methods. cervical spine short-tau inversion recovery-mri and t1w-mri of 34 patients with ra and 6 patients with as complaining about neck pain were obtained. clinical and laboratory data were available. bme was scored by 2 blinded readers using a modification of a published score, including various cervical sites. degenerative changes were also quantified. results. patients were predominantly women (82.5%), and mean +/- sd age was 57.5 +/- 11.8 years, c-reactive protein (crp) was 0.8 +/- 1.3 mg/dl, and pain score was 46.0 +/- 17.5. bme was detected in 24/40 patients (60%) involving the atlantoaxial region (21%), vertebral bodies (75%), facet joints (29%), and spinous processes (46%). degenerative changes were identified in 21/40 patients (52.5%), 13 (62%) of whom also had bme in vertebral bodies. no differences were found between patients with versus without cervical bme for clinical assessments: numeric rating scale pain (median +/- interquartile range) 5.5 +/- 3.0 vs 6.0 +/- 4.0 (p = 0.69), funktionsfragebogen hannover 68.2 +/- 41.0 vs 42.0 +/- 55.5 (p = 0.19), northwick pain score 44.4 +/- 21.8 vs 47.2 +/- 27.0 (p = 0.83), or crp 0.40 +/- 0.80 vs 0.60 +/- 0.66 (p = 0.94). for patients with degenerative changes, symptom duration was longer than for patients without (10 +/- 12.5 vs 5.0 +/- 18.0 yrs, p = 0.73). conclusion. in this small study of patients with ra and as complaining about neck pain, bme was found in many different cervical sites, including the facet joints and the spinous processes. however, the occurrence and severity of bme did not correlate with the severity of neck pain.
ankylosing_spondylitis	background: ankylosing spondylitis (as) is a chronic inflammatory disease mainly affecting the spine and sacroiliac joints. macrophage migration inhibitory (mif) factor is a regulatory cytokine that inhibits random immune cell migration. mif gene promoter polymorphisms play a role in the progression of several inflammatory disorders. aims: to investigate the relationship between the mif gene -173 g/c single-nucleotide polymorphism (snp) and as. study design: cross-sectional study. methods: in this study, a total of 161 as and 194 normal controls were recruited. the mif gene -173 g/c snp was analyzed by polymerase chain reaction using the restriction fragment length polymorphism method. results: there was no significant difference between groups in terms of genotype distribution (p>0.05). when wild-type g/g and g/c+ c/c genotypes are compared in terms of clinical characteristics, there is a significant difference between the average age and the duration of disease in as patients (p<0.05). conclusion: no significant relationship between as disease and mif -173 g/c polymorphism was found. mif -173 g/c polymorphism (c allele) may affect the time of onset and the duration of disease in as patients.
ankylosing_spondylitis	rheumatoid patients with injuries are treated by orthopaedic rheumatologists as well as trauma surgeons. surgeons must take account of numerous factors that influence the treatment of this special patient population, e. g. immunosuppressive drugs, severe osteoporosis, atrophy of the skin, subcutaneous fat and muscles joint instability and arteriosclerosis. this requires knowledge in immunology, pharmacology and the entire spectrum of internal medicine, as well as special care in the treatment of vulnerable tissues. in polytrauma patients with inflammatory diseases, rheuma toid serositis may be misinterpreted with a lethal outcome. because of the high lethality, vertebral fractures related to ankylosing spondylitis have to be treated very carefully. instability of the cervical spine, especially the atlantooccipital and atlantoaxial joints, is common in long-standing rheumatoid arthritis, and manipulation of the cervical spine may lead to cervical cord injury with respiratory arrest.
ankylosing_spondylitis	rheumatoid arthritis (ra) is a chronic autoimmune disease with significant morbidity, mortality, and costs for the individual patient and for society. the purpose of this study was to examine welfare costs in patients with ra including their partners before and after initial diagnosis. data were collected from population-based registers in the period from 1998 to 2009. a total of 25,547 danish patients with a diagnosis of ra and 15,660 of their partners were identified and compared with 101,755 randomly selected age- and gender-matched controls and 62,681 control partners. the direct and indirect costs were calculated for patients and their partners and compared to matched controls. these included inpatient and outpatient treatment, medication, income from employment and social transfer payments. patients with ra had statistically significantly more inpatient and outpatient costs than control subjects, i.e., treatment (a,notsign346 vs. a,notsign211), hospitalization (a,notsign1261 vs. a,notsign778), and medication use (a,notsign654 vs. a,notsign393). the costs associated with the patients were present 11 years before diagnosis of ra (a,notsign1592) compared with control subjects (a,notsign1172). furthermore, income from employment was lower for patients (a,notsign14,023) than for control subjects (a,notsign17,196). being a partner to a patient with ra was associated with high total welfare costs. this register-based study shows that ra has significant welfare costs for patients, their partners, and society. the differences in total health costs exist up to 11 years before the diagnosis of ra is established.
ankylosing_spondylitis	the short form 36 health survey (sf-36) is a popular health-related quality of life (hrqol) tool. however, few studies have assessed its psychometric properties in patients with spondyloarthritis (spa). we therefore aimed to assess the reliability and validity of the sf-36 in patients with spa in singapore. cross-sectional data from a registry of 196 spa patients recruited from a dedicated tertiary referral clinic in singapore from 2011 to 2014 was used. analyses were guided by the consensus-based standards for the selection of health measurement instruments framework. internal consistency reliability was assessed using cronbach 's alpha. construct validity was assessed through 33 a priori hypotheses by correlations of the eight subscales and two summary scores of sf-36 with other health outcomes. known-group construct validity was assessed by comparison of the means of the subscales and summary scores of the sf-36 of spa patients and the general population of singapore using student 's t tests. among 196 patients (155 males (79.0 %), median (range) age: 36 (17-70), 166 chinese (84.6 %)), sf-36 scales showed high internal consistency ranging from 0.88 to 0.90. convergent construct validity was supported as shown by fulfillment of all hypotheses. divergent construct validity was supported, as sf-36 mcs was not associated with pga, pain and haq. known-group construct validity showed spa patients had lower scores of 3.8-12.5 when compared to the general population at p < 0.001. this study supports the sf-36 as a valid and reliable measure of hrqol for use in patients with spa at a single time point.
ankylosing_spondylitis	involvement of tendons and tendon sheaths is frequently found in the most common inflammatory systemic diseases, rheumatoid arthritis and spondyloarthritis. in rheumatoid arthritis tendon manifestations occur as tenosynovitis, with swelling and pain of the tendons mainly on the hands and feet. in spondyloarthritis the involvement of tendons presents as enthesitis with pain and swelling directly at the attachment points of tendons to the bony structures and more commonly in the lower extremities. pathological alterations of tendons can be normally visualized by sonography and only sometimes with magnetic resonance imaging (mri) or scintigraphy. furthermore, it is important for diagnostics and effective therapy to detect all joints involved by means of clinical, sonographic and radiological examination as well as laboratory parameters of inflammation, antibody serology (e.g. anti-ccp antibodies) and hla-b27. the histopathological alterations of tendinopathy in rheumatic diseases differ from degenerative/posttraumatic tendinopathy in their expression of the changes; however, a clear differentiation of the different rheumatic inflammatory systemic diseases is histopathologically not possible. therapeutically, systemic medication is the most important part of treatment in rheumatic diseases. local therapeutic measures can be employed in the treatment of tenosynovitis and enthesitis. in the case of failure or lack of efficacy of the medication and conservative therapy, tenosynovectomy is performed for persistent tenosynovitis and reconstructive surgical procedures are necessary for tendon ruptures.
ankylosing_spondylitis	functional limitation is often complained by patients with ankylosing spondylitis (as). with a rising number of patients suffering from as, there are a limited number of reports focusing on functional limitation of as in chinese patients. this study was conducted to investigate the level of functional limitation and explore its associations with demographic, disease-related factors. a total of 303 as outpatients were recruited in this cross-sectional study from a tertiary general hospital in southwest china. functional limitation was measured by the bath ankylosing spondylitis functional index (basfi). other data were collected by the following questionnaires: the bath ankylosing spondylitis disease activity index (basdai), the bath ankylosing spondylitis patient global score (bas-g), and the pittsburgh sleep quality index questionnaire (psqi). finally, 295 outpatients with as completed this survey. the median basfi was 0.80. worse function limitation was found in outpatients with extra-spinal manifestation, older age, lower household income, more back pain, higher disease activity and morning stiffness, poorer sleep, and worse patient 's well-being (all p < 0.05). multivariate regression analysis indicated that patient 's well-being (p < 0.001), disease activity (p < 0.001), and disease duration (p < 0.05) were the positive predictors of functional limitation. as outpatients in southwest china had a mild level of functional limitation. the factors associated with functional limitation included disease duration, disease activity, and patients' well-being, which should be taken into consideration when assessing functional limitation of as outpatients. besides, more comprehensive and targeted interventions should be conducted for as patients as early as possible, which will be effective to improve functional outcome.
ankylosing_spondylitis	the aim of this study was to evaluate the rate of power doppler ultrasound (pdus) abnormalities at entheseal sites in patients with early psoriatic arthritis (psa) na < ve to traditional and biologic dmards and to compare the pdus findings with clinical examination. psa patients with early disease and na < ve to traditional and biologic dmards were consecutively enrolled in this study. patients underwent pdus examination of the following bilateral entheseal sites: common extensor tendon at its insertion at the lateral humeral epicondyle; quadriceps tendon at its insertion at the superior pole of the patella; patellar tendon at its insertion at the tibial tuberosity; medial collateral ligament at its proximal insertion and achilles tendon at its insertion at the calcaneus. the leeds enthesitis index (lei) was used to assess clinical entheseal involvement. twenty-one early psa patients completed the clinical and pdus examinations. clinical entheseal involvement was found in 9 (42.9 %) and pdus abnormalities in 20 (95.5 %) of the 21 early psa patients. achilles tendon insertion was the site with the major entheseal abnormalities. active (power doppler positive) entheseal lesions were found in 4.7, 9.5, 14.3 and 14.3 % of patients at the lateral humeral epicondyle; quadriceps tendon, patellar tendon insertions, and achilles tendon insertions, respectively. concordance between clinical (lei) and pdus was poor. the present study confirms that pdus allows detecting structural and inflammatory abnormalities of enthesis in early psa patients. our study shows that, in early disease, active abnormalities seem to have a low prevalence.
ankylosing_spondylitis	a new three-dimensional (3-d) zn-based metal-organic framework with the formula of [zn-2(l)(bpy)](ci) (1, h3l = 2,6-dihydroxypyridine-4-carboxylate, bpy = 4,4'-bipyridine), has been synthesized under hydrothermal condition. x-ray diffraction analyse reveals that compound 1 exhibits the unique 3-d two-fold interpenetrated coordination framework with 3,4-connected fsx-3,4-c2 network topology, in which the l ligand adopts the mu(3)-bridging fashion. in addition, the experimental results of anti-inflammatory activity showed that compared with organic ligands h3l and bpy, the title compound 1 exerted rather potent activity.
ankylosing_spondylitis	objective. to determine the reproducibility of evaluation of sacroiliac joint (sij) radiographs among readers with varying levels of experience, and to identify potential drivers of disagreement in classification among 5 predefined radiographic lesion types. methods. the study sample consisted of 104 consecutive patients aged 18-40 with low back pain >= 3 months of duration who met the assessment of spondyloarthritis international society (asas) definition for a positive sij magnetic resonance image, or were hla-b27-positive and had >= 1 spondyloarthritis (spa)-related clinical/laboratory feature according to the asas classification criteria for axial spa. seven blinded readers (2 musculoskeletal radiologists, 5 rheumatologists) classified pelvic radiographs according to the modified new york criteria (mny) and recorded presence/absence of 5 lesion types in both sij: erosion, sclerosis, ankylosis, joint space widening, and joint space narrowing. reproducibility of mny classification among 21 reader pairs was assessed and potential drivers of disagreement were identified among 5 lesion types. a generalized linear mixed logistic regression model served to analyze to what extent discordance in lesion type was associated with discrepant mny classification. results. mean kappa values (percent concordance) were 0.39 (84.1%) for mny classification over 21 reader pairs, 0.46 (79.8%) between 2 musculoskeletal radiologists, and 0.55 (86.5%) and 0.36 (77.9%) between the most experienced rheumatologist and the 2 radiologists. erosion showed the lowest agreement (25%) among patients with discordant classification and gave the highest or of 13.5 for disagreement. conclusion. reproducibility of radiographic sij classification in an spa inception cohort was only fair to at best moderate among 7 readers with varying levels of experience, questioning the applicability of mny in early spa.
children's_health	introduction. the fractional concentration of exhaled nitric oxide (feno) is a biomarker of airway inflammation. repeat feno maneuvers at multiple fixed exhalation flow rates (extendednoanalysis) can be used to estimate parameters quantifying proximal and distal sources of no in mathematical models of lower respiratory tract no. a growing number of studies use extendednoanalysis, but there is no official standard flow rate sampling protocol. in this paper, we provide information for study planning by deriving theoretically optimal flow rate sampling designs. methods. first, we reviewed previously published designs. then, under a nonlinear regression framework for estimating no parameters in the steady-state two compartment model of no, we identified unbiased optimal four flow rate designs (within the range of 10-400 ml s(-1)) using theoretical derivations and simulation studies. optimality criteria included no parameter standard errors (ses). asimulation study was used to estimate sample sizes required to detect associations with no parameters estimated from studies with different designs. results. most designs (77%) were unbiased. noparameter ses were smaller for designs with: more target flows, more replicate maneuvers per target flow, and a larger range of target flows. high flows were most important for estimating alveolar no concentration, while low flows were most important for the proximal no parameters. the southern california children 's health study design (30, 50, 100 and 300 ml s(-1)) had. 1.8 fold larger ses and required 1.1-3.2 fold more subjects to detect the association of a determinant with each no parameter as compared to an optimal design of 10, 50, 100 and 400 ml s(-1). conclusions. there is a class of reasonable flow rate sampling designs with good theoretical performance. in practice, designs should be selected to balance the tradeoffs between optimality and feasibility of the flow range and total number of maneuvers.
children's_health	background: school nurses can provide direct services for children with asthma, educate, and reinforce treatment recommendations to children and their families, and coordinate the school-wide response to students' asthma emergencies. unfortunately, school-based health services today depend on an unreliable patchwork of funding. limited state and local funds lead to extremely low nurse-to-student ratios, resulting in missed opportunities for prevention and care of asthma and other health conditions. methods: we carried out a nonsystematic review of legal, government, private health foundation, and medical literature. results: many health services for asthma and other conditions provided in school settings are services typically covered by medicaid and the children 's health insurance program (chip) when offered in other settings. however, complex reimbursement rules, questionable policy guidance establishing a ""free care rule,'' and other barriers have limited the ability of schools to seek medicaid/chip reimbursement for these services. recent legal developments may help overcome some of these barriers, and new flexibilities in medicaid law bring opportunities for increased reimbursement of school-based health services. conclusions: policymakers should call on the centers for medicare and medicaid services to abandon the ""free care rule'' and issue other guidance that would enable schools to appropriately obtain medicaid reimbursement for nursing services.
children's_health	e-waste recycling has become a global environmental health issue. pernicious chemicals escape into the environment due to informal and nonstandard e-waste recycling activities involving manual dismantling, open burning to recover heavy metals and open dumping of residual fractions. heavy metals derived from electronic waste (e-waste), such as, lead (pb), cadmium (cd), chromium (cr), manganese (mn), nickel (ni), mercury (hg), arsenic (as), copper (cu), zinc (zn), aluminum (al) and cobalt (co), differ in their chemical composition, reaction properties, distribution, metabolism, excretion and biological transmission. our previous studies showed that heavy metal exposure have adverse effects on children 's health including lower birth weight, lower anogenital distance, lower apgar scores, lower current weight, lower lung function, lower hepatitis b surface antibody levels, higher prevalence of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and higher dna and chromosome damage. heavy metals influence a number of diverse systems and organs, resulting in both acute and chronic effects on children 's health, ranging from minor upper respiratory irritation to chronic respiratory, cardiovascular, nervous, urinary and reproductive disease, as well as aggravation of pre-existing symptoms and disease. these effects of heavy metals on children 's health are briefly discussed. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
children's_health	background: higher levels of parental stress have long-term effects on children 's health and could lead to dysfunction in the parent-child interaction. different background factors can be predictors of high parental stress. aim: the aim of this study was to examine parental stress among swedish women and identify different factors linked to women 's parental stress. method: about 702 women were recruited to a clinical study and followed up six months after birth. data were collected by two questionnaires, and 279 women completed the swedish parental stress questionnaire (spsq). findings: less than very good mental health and depressive symptoms after birth were strongly associated with parental stress, and the strongest association was found between post-partum depressive symptoms and high levels of stress in the subscale incompetence. multiparity was associated with high stress in two subscales, and lower level of education was a protective factor for stress in nearly all subscales. conclusions: depressive symptoms and perceived poor mental health post-partum are the most important factors related to high parental stress. the results point to the importance of identifying and supporting mothers with depressive symptoms, since these women have both mental illness and increased stress.
children's_health	objectives. our objective is to contribute to the literature regarding the association between immigrant children 's health, their ethnicity and their living in neighbourhoods with a high ethnic concentration of one 's own ethnicity. using data from families from five ethnic groups who all immigrated to vancouver metropolitan region in canada, our research question asks: how ethnicity, ethnic concentration and living in a neighbourhood with others of the same ethnic background contribute to the health of immigrant children?design. two data sets are integrated in our study. the first is the new canadian children and youth study, which collected original data from five ethnic groups who immigrated to metropolitan vancouver. the second data set, from which we derived neighbourhood data, is the canadian census. the dependent variable is health status as reported by the parent. independent variables are at both the individual and neighbourhood levels, including ethnicity, sex and the percentage of people living in the neighbourhood of the same ethnic background. analysis was completed using hierarchical linear modelling.results. children (n=759) from 24 neighbourhoods were included in the analyses. health status varied by ethnicity and ethnic concentration, indicating the heterogeneity of immigrant populations.conclusion. with the lack of research on the health of immigrant children and youth living in ethnic concentrations, our findings make an important contribution to understanding the influences on the well-being of immigrant populations.
children's_health	regulated school days entail less free-living physical activity (pa) and outdoor stay, which may jeopardize the opportunities for cohesive moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (mvpa) and, by extension, children 's health. the role of outdoor stay during school time for pupils' free-living pa vs. physical education (pe) and indoor stay was studied during one academic year in 196 pupils aged 7-14 years at four schools in mid-southern sweden during five consecutive days each in september, march, and may. actigraph gt3x+ activity monitors were used. predictors for pa during school stay were expressed as mean daily accelerometer counts and were measured per season, day, grade, gender, weather, and time outdoors. overall, free-living pa outdoors generated the highest mean accelerometer counts for moderate and vigorous pa. outdoor pa and pe, representing 23.7% of the total school time contributed to 50.4% of total mean accelerometer counts, and were the greatest contributors to moderate and vigorous pa. age and weather impacted pa, with less pa in inclement weather and among older pupils. more time outdoors, at all seasons, would favorably increase school children 's chances of reaching recommended levels of pa.
children's_health	objectives/hypothesis: to determine whether parent-perceived hearing problems are associated with grade repetition among children in the united states. study design: retrospective cohort analysis of a contemporary national database. methods: the national survey of children 's health 2011 to 2012 was analyzed. hearing loss, as perceived and reported by parents, was categorized as: no hearing problem, history of a hearing problem, or current hearing problem. children never repeating a grade versus repeating one or more grades (kindergarten-high school) were identified. univariate statistics and multivariate logistic regression analyzed the association of hearing problems with grade repetition. patients with mental retardation, autism, and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder were excluded from the analysis. after adjusting for race, sex, and poverty level, odds ratios for grade repetition were computed. results: among 66.1 million (average age, 8.3 years, 49.0% male) children, 97.3% never had a hearing problem, 1.7% had a history of a hearing problem, and 1.0% had a current hearing problem. overall, 7.1% repeated a grade. grade repetition was reported in 6.9% of children without a hearing problem versus 9.4% with a history of a hearing problem and 19.3% with a current hearing problem (p < 0.001). after adjustment for race, poverty level, and sex, a history of a hearing problem demonstrated an odds ratio of 1.9 (95% confidence interval 0.82-4.13) for grade repetition, whereas a current hearing problem demonstrated an odds ratio of 3.0 (1.90-4.80). conclusion: parents' perception of children 's hearing problems is strongly associated with grade repetition. this trend is noticed in elementary school more than in high school.
children's_health	objectives: to examine parent report of flourishing in children with hearing impairments compared to children without hearing impairments, and to explore whether school engagement and bullying related to child flourishing. methods: participants were 655 children with hearing impairments and 44, 618 children without hearing impairments who were 10-17 years of age. caregivers completed telephone interviews about their child 's functioning for the national survey of children 's health. results: children without hearing loss had higher parent-reported flourishing compared to children with hearing loss when controlling for child demographics (i.e., race, age, sex). school engagement was positively related to flourishing of children with hearing loss. bullying behaviors were not related to flourishing of children with hearing loss. conclusion: improving school engagement may increase flourishing of children with hearing loss, which is critical given that children with hearing loss experience lower flourishing than children without hearing loss. examining the relationships among other risk and resilience factors and flourishing for children with hearing loss will provide information for interventions to enhance the adaptation of these children. (c) 2016 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
children's_health	document beliefs about the contribution of physical activity to preschool-aged children 's health held by latino mothers in farmworker families, and delineate their perceived barriers or constraints that impose limits on preschool-aged children 's physical activity. qualitative data obtained through semi-structured in-depth interviews (n = 33) with mothers of preschool-aged children living in latino farmworker families in north carolina. mothers universally agree that regular vigorous physical activity is good for preschool-aged children 's health, including obesity prevention. however, excessive physical activity can produce illnesses, as well as other physical and emotional problems, and should be limited. mothers wanted their children to engage in more sedentary forms of activity because they believed it would benefit learning. physical and chemical hazards in rural environments, distance to parks and play spaces, and lack of familiarity and concerns about neighbors constrained children 's physical activity. although physical activity is believed to be beneficial, strong cultural beliefs and real contextual barriers undermine preschool-aged latino farmworker children 's level of physical activity.
children's_health	di-2-ethylhexyl phthalate (dehp) is one of the most widely used phthalates. metabolites of dehp are detectable in majority of the population. findings on adverse health outcomes, particularly birth weight in association with prenatal exposure to dehp remain equivocal. besides, there is insufficient evidence to address influence on metabolic function from epidemiological studies. thus, our objective was to investigate cord blood adipokine levels and birth size in association with prenatal dehp exposure in prospective birth cohort study. mono-2-methylhexyl phthalate (mehp), primary metabolite of dehp was determined as exposure by using maternal blood sample of 3rd trimester. leptin and adiponectin levels in cord blood were measured as markers of metabolic function. birth weight and length were obtained from birth record. association between maternal mehp levels and cord blood adiponectin and leptin levels, birth weight and ponderal index (pi) were examined for 167 mother-child pairs who had both mehp and cord blood adipokine measurements. the median mehp level was 8.81 ng/ml and the detection rate was 100%. there was no sex difference in mehp levels. both leptin and adiponectin levels were higher in girls than in boys. mehp level was positively associated with adiponectin level among boys and was negatively associated with leptin level among girls. mehp level were negatively associated with pi only in girls and this could be due to decreased leptin level. this study suggested that prenatal dehp exposure may be associated with cord blood adipokine and birth size. the influence potentially be sex-specific and could be more significant in girls. (c) 2016 published by elsevier b.v.
stress_management	objective: this study assessed positive changes in patients with advanced colorectal cancer and their family caregivers following diagnosis. we compared self-reported positive changes within patient-caregiver dyads as well as self-reports and patient reports of positive changes in caregivers. design: individual, semi-structured qualitative interviews were conducted with 23 patients with advanced colorectal cancer and 23 caregivers. a theoretical thematic analysis of interview transcripts was framed by posttraumatic growth theory. results: patients and caregivers described five positive changes: closer relationships with others, greater appreciation of life, clarifying life priorities, increased faith, and more empathy for others. additionally, only caregivers reported better health habits following the cancer diagnosis, and a minority of patients and caregivers reported no positive changes. in about half of cases, patients reported at least one positive change that was identical to that of their caregiver. however, in most cases, patient and caregiver reports of the caregiver 's positive change were discrepant. conclusion: findings suggest that positive changes are a shared experience for many patient-caregiver dyads and obtaining both patient and caregiver reports of caregiver positive changes provides a more comprehensive understanding of their experience. interventions may capitalise on positive changes to promote meaningful living in the context of advanced cancer.
stress_management	health care workers in the community mental health (mh) and alcohol and other drugs (aod) sectors face complex psychological issues that exact a heavy emotional toll. burnout is a significant risk for these workers. stress management, developing effective work practices and the implementation of burnout interventions are crucial in both engaging and retaining staff. the present study (non-randomized) investigates the effects of a targeted 6-week emotion regulation and mindfulness training program (ceb) in educators and mental health workers. participants who completed ceb training (n = 20) demonstrated a significant improvement in mindfulness and a significant increase in emotional awareness when compared to the control group (n = 20). assessments were made at baseline, directly after training (in ceb trained group only) and at 6 months post training completion. this change persisted at 6 months after completing the training. these results suggest that embedding ceb training within a higher education curriculum may have a long-term positive impact on students and health care workers planning to enter the mh aod sector. further research is required. (c) 2016 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
stress_management	in the transactional model of stress, coping responses are the key to preventing the stress response. in this study, the possible role of psychological well-being as a personal determinant of coping strategies in the academic context was analyzed. specifically, the study has two objectives: (a) to identify different profiles of students according to their level of psychological well-being; and (b) to analyze the differences between these profiles in the use of three coping strategies (positive reappraisal, support seeking, and planning). age, gender, and degree were estimated as covariables. a total of 1,072 university students participated in the study. latent profile analysis was applied to four indices of psychological well-being: self-acceptance, environmental mastery, purpose in life, and personal growth. an optimal four-profile solution, reflecting significant incremental shifts from low to very high psychological well-being, was obtained. as predicted, the profile membership distinguished between participants in positive reappraisal, support-seeking, and planning. importantly, the higher the profile of psychological well-being was, the higher the use of the three coping strategies. gender differences in coping strategies were observed, but no interaction effects with psychological well-being were found. age and degree were not relevant in explaining the use of coping strategies. these results suggest that psychological well-being stands as an important personal resource to favor adaptive coping strategies for academic stress.
stress_management	chromium (cr) is considered to be one of the major environmental hazards and poses a threat to both plant and animal health. selenium (se), however, has been recognized as an essential micronutrient in plants. to understand the role of se(vi) in oxidative stress management and regulation of antioxidative defence mechanism against heavy metal stress, the seedlings of brassica juncea l. were raised in petri plates containing nutrient media supplemented with only with se(vi) and cr(vi), or their combination. it was observed that of cr(vi) causes an increase in reactive oxygen species (ros) in the seedlings leading to oxidative stress. histological studies using confocal and visible microscopy confirmed the biochemical results. supplementation of up to 4 mu m of se(vi) to media containing 300 mu m of cr(vi) reduced the contents of ros and increased enzymatic and non-enzymatic antioxidants in the seedlings. at a concentration of 6 mu m, however, se(vi) was toxic. the results suggested that at appropriate concentrations, the exogenous application of se(vi) enabled the b. juncea seedlings to counteract the effects of cr(vi), thereby increasing the resistance of plants.
stress_management	background: breast cancer preventive behaviors have an extreme effect on women 's health. despite the benefits of preventive behaviors regarding breast cancer, they have not been implemented as routine care for healthy women. to assess this health issue, a reliable and valid scale is needed. the aim of the present study is to develop and examine the psychometric properties of a new scale, called the assists, in order to identify factors that affect women 's breast cancer prevention behaviors. methods: a multi-phase instrument development method was performed to develop the questionnaire from february 2012 to september 2014. the item pool was generated based on secondary analyses of previous qualitative data. then, content and face validity were applied to provide a pre-final version of the scale. the scale validation was conducted with a sample of women recruited from health centers affiliated with tehran university of medical sciences. the construct validity (both exploratory and confirmatory), convergent validity, discriminate validity, internal consistency reliability and test-retest analysis of the questionnaire were tested. results: fifty-eight items were initially extracted from the secondary analysis of previous qualitative data. after content validity, this was reduced to 49 items. the exploratory factor analysis revealed seven factors (attitude, supportive systems, self-efficacy, information seeking, stress management, stimulant and self-care) containing 33 items that jointly accounted for 60.62 % of the observed variance. the confirmatory factor analysis showed a model with appropriate fitness for the data. the cronbach 's alpha coefficient for the subscales ranged from 0.68 to 0.85, and the intraclass correlation coefficient (icc) ranged from 0.71 to 0.98; which is well above the acceptable thresholds. conclusion: the findings showed that the designed questionnaire was a valid and reliable instrument for assessing factors affecting women 's breast cancer prevention behaviors that can be used both in practice and in future studies.
stress_management	purpose: the purpose of this study was to gather baseline data on the health-promoting lifestyle practices of rns working in six major health care and educational institutions in a southeast pennsylvania community. methods: a descriptive correlational study design was used. the 52-item health-promoting lifestyle profile ii instrument was used to explore participants' self-reported health-promoting behaviors and measure the dimensions of health responsibility, physical activity, nutrition, interpersonal relations, spiritual growth, and stress management. results: findings revealed that physical activity and stress management scores were low for the entire group of rns. there were statistically significant differences between nurses 50 years of age and older and those 30 to 39 years of age for the subscales of health responsibility, nutrition, and stress management, suggesting that older nurses are more concerned about their health. there were also statistically significant differences between nurses 50 years of age and older and those 29 years of age and younger for the subscale of health responsibility. sixty-seven percent of participants reported having too many competing priorities and had significantly lower subscale scores for spiritual growth, interpersonal relations, and stress management, as well as significantly lower total scores. conclusion: this study 's findings provided baseline data that will be useful in planning health-promoting lifestyle interventions for participants specific to their institutions, and may help guide future research and educational initiatives related to numerous issues common to the rn workforce. the failure of many nurses to take adequate care of themselves needs to be better understood and addressed, by both individual nurses and their employers.
stress_management	the development of supervisors' behaviours has been proposed as an innovative approach for the reduction of employees' work stress. the uk health and safety executive (hse) developed the ""stress management competency indicator tool"" (smcit), designed to be used within a learning and development intervention. however, its psychometric properties have never been evaluated, and the length of the questionnaire (66 items) limits its practical applicability. we developed a brief 36-item version of the questionnaire, assessed its psychometric properties and studied the relationship with the employees' psychosocial work environment. 353 employees filled in the brief smcit and the ""stress management indicator tool"". the latter is a self-report questionnaire developed by the uk hse, measuring workers' perceptions of seven dimensions of the psychosocial work environment that if not properly managed can lead to harm. data were analysed with structural equation modelling and multiple regressions. the results confirmed the factorial structure of the brief smcit questionnaire and mainly supported the convergent validity and internal consistency of the scales. furthermore, with few exceptions, the relations hypothesized between supervisors' competencies and the psychosocial work environment were confirmed, supporting the criterion validity of the revised questionnaire and the uk hse framework. we conclude that the brief 36-item version of the smcit represents an important step toward the development of interventions directed at supervisors and we discuss the practical implications for work stress prevention.
stress_management	introduction: occupational stress is a major factor in hindering the performance of nurses and midwives and developing physical and mental complications in them. given that these two groups are in direct contact with patients more than other medical staff and stress management training can be effective in the reduction of occupational stress among the nurses and midwives. aim: this study was set out to compare the effect of a precede-proceed based stress management training program on the occupational stress of the nurses and midwives. materials and methods: this quasi-experimental study was conducted on the aforementioned nurses and midwives. data collection instruments included the nursing stress scale (nss). the training program was held in two 4-hour-long sessions for three months from 1st january to 31st march 2013. results: the results showed a significant increase in the precede scores of both groups by the end of the program, as compared to the baseline. a significant decrease was also observed in the stress scores of both groups. there was no difference between groups in these regards. conclusion: the precede-based stress management training is effective in the reduction of occupational stress among the nurses and midwives.
stress_management	research on the efficacy of yoga for improving mental, emotional, physical, and behavioral health characteristics in school settings is a recent but growing field of inquiry. this systematic review of research on school-based yoga interventions published in peer-reviewed journals offers a bibliometric analysis that identified 47 publications. the studies from these publications have been conducted primarily in the united states (n = 30) and india (n = 15) since 2005, with the majority of studies (n = 41) conducted from 2010 onward. about half of the publications were of studies at elementary schools; most (85%) were conducted within the school curriculum, and most (62%) also implemented a formal school-based yoga program. there was a high degree of variability in yoga intervention characteristics, including overall duration, and the number and duration of sessions. most of these published research trials are preliminary in nature, with numerous study design limitations, including limited sample sizes (median = 74; range = 20-660) and relatively weak research designs (57% randomized controlled trials, 19% uncontrolled trials), as would be expected in an infant research field. nevertheless, these publications suggest that yoga in the school setting is a viable and potentially efficacious strategy for improving child and adolescent health and therefore worthy of continued research.
stress_management	employees with low levels of work-related self-efficacy may stand to benefit more from a worksite stress management training (smt) intervention. however, this low work-related self-efficacy/enhanced smt benefits effect may be conditional on employees also having high levels of intrinsic work motivation. in the present study, we examined this proposition by testing three-way, or higher order, interaction effects. one hundred and fifty-three u.k. government employees were randomly assigned to a smt intervention group (n = 68), or to a waiting list control group (n = 85). the smt group received three half-day training sessions spread over two and a half months. findings indicated that there were significant overall reductions in psychological strain, emotional exhaustion and depersonalization in the smt group, in comparison to the control group. furthermore, there were significant higher order group (smt vs. control) x time 1 work-related self-efficacy x time 1 intrinsic work motivation interactions, such that reductions in emotional exhaustion and depersonalization at certain time points were experienced only by those who had low baseline levels of work-related self-efficacy and high baseline levels of intrinsic work motivation. implications for work-related self-efficacy theory and research and smt research and practice are discussed.
hiv_aids	background: due to the popularity of public service announcements (psas), as well as the broader health and social harms associated with illicit drug use, this study sought to investigate how drug prevention messages found in the government of canada 's drugsnot4me campaign were understood, experienced, and engaged with among a group of street-involved young people in vancouver, canada. methods: qualitative interviews were conducted with 25 individuals enrolled in the at-risk youth study, and a thematic analysis was conducted. results: findings indicate that the campaign 's messages neither resonated with ""at-risk youth"", nor provided information or resources for support. in some cases, the messaging exacerbated the social suffering experienced by these individuals. conclusions: this study underscores the importance of rigorous evaluation of psas and the need to consider diverting funds allocated to drug prevention campaigns to social services that can meaningfully address the structural drivers of drug-related harms among vulnerable youth populations.
hiv_aids	objectives: the aim of this study was to compare plasma biomarkers of coagulation between hiv-infected individuals and hiv-uninfected controls and to assess the impact of disturbances in coagulation on neurocognitive functioning in hiv. design: a cross-sectional study of 66 antiretroviral therapy treated, virally suppressed, hiv-infected and 34 hiv-uninfected older (>= 50 years of age) adults. methods: participants completed standardized neurobehavioral and neuromedical assessments. neurocognitive functioning was evaluated using a well validated comprehensive neuropsychological battery. plasma biomarkers associated with procoagulation (fibrinogen, p-selectin, tissue factor and von willebrand factor), anticoagulation (antithrombin, protein c and thrombomodulin), fibrinolysis (d-dimer, plasminogen activator inhibitor-1 and plasminogen) were collected. multivariable linear regression was used to test the interaction of hiv and coagulation on neurocognitive functioning. results: most participants were male (78.0%) and non-hispanic white (73.0%) with a mean age of 57.8 years. among hiv-infected participants, mean estimated duration of hiv infection was 19.4 years and median current cd4(+) cell count was 654 cells/ ml. levels of soluble biomarkers of procoagulation, anticoagulation and fibrinolysis were comparable between the hiv serostatus groups. coagulation and hiv had an interacting effect on neurocognitive functioning, such that greater coagulation imbalance was associated with poorer neurocognitive functioning among the hiv-infected participants. the moderating effect of coagulation on neurocognition was driven by procoagulant but not anticoagulant or fibrinolytic biomarkers. conclusions: elevated levels of procoagulants may exert a particularly detrimental effect on neurocognitive functioning among older hiv-infected persons. a better understanding of the specific role of coagulation in the cause of hiv-associated neurocognitive disorders may lead to treatments aimed at reducing coagulopathy, thereby improving neurocognitive outcomes. copyright (c) 2017 wolters kluwer health, inc. all rights reserved.
hiv_aids	background: supervised injection facilities (sifs) are legally sanctioned environments for people to inject drugs under medical supervision. sifs currently operate in ten countries, but to date, no sif has been opened in the usa. in light of increasing overdose mortality in the usa, this study evaluated willingness to use a sif among youth who report non-medical prescription opioid (nmpo) use. methods: between january 2015 and february 2016, youth with recent nmpo use were recruited to participate in the rhode island young adult prescription drug study (rapids). we explored factors associated with willingness to use a sif among participants who had injected drugs or were at risk of initiating injection drug use (defined as having a sex partner who injects drugs or having a close friend who injects). results: among 54 eligible participants, the median age was 26 (iqr = 24-28), 70.4% were male, and 74.1% were white. among all participants, when asked if they would use a sif, 63.0% answered ""yes"", 31.5% answered ""no"", and 5. 6% were unsure. among the 31 participants reporting injection drug use in the last six months, 27 (87.1%) reported willingness to use a sif; 15 of the 19 (78.9%) who injected less than daily reported willingness, while all 12 (100.0%) of the participants who injected daily reported willingness. compared to participants who were unwilling or were unsure, participants willing to use a sif were also more likely to have been homeless in the last six months, have accidentally overdosed, have used heroin, have used fentanyl non-medically, and typically use prescription opioids alone. conclusions: among young adults who use prescription opioids non-medically and inject drugs or are at risk of initiating injection drug use, more than six in ten reported willingness to use a sif. established risk factors for overdose, including homelessness, history of overdose, daily injection drug use, heroin use, and fentanyl misuse, were associated with higher sif acceptability, indicating that young people at the highest risk of overdose might ultimately be the same individuals to use the facility. supervised injection facilities merit consideration to reduce overdose mortality in the usa.
hiv_aids	in recent years, the ugandan government has proposed a number of laws that attempt to control the sexual conduct of the ugandan population. the much-debated anti-homosexuality bill, signed by museveni in february 2014 but overturned on constitutional grounds in august 2014, is only the most well-known. further examples include legal measures related to hiv/aids, defilement, prostitution, and pornography. this article analyzes why and in which contexts these laws and recent public debates on sexuality have emerged and what consequences they entail. i argue that they must be seen in relation to ongoing power struggles at the local and national level - between men and women, youth and elders, state, and citizens. based on discourse analysis and drawing on ethnographic fieldwork, i show how both state and non-state actors exploit popular concerns about recent processes of social change and instrumentalize sexuality' to extend their control and reinforce a normative order based on patriarchal values.
hiv_aids	the hiv-aids epidemic has provided one of the more challenging problems in treatment of infectious diseases. as antiretroviral drugs made a very marked improvement in controlling the immunodeficiency state and patients gained in their longevity, the concern with lipid abnormalities came to the fore. the initial drugs produced a form of metabolic syndrome accompanied by very elevated plasma triglyceride concentrations. furthermore, the drugs used to control the virus were often metabolized in a manner that interfered with lipid lowering drug therapy. the antiviral agents have improved in many respects and the experience in managing the lipid disorders has added greatly to our ability to control these problems as well. this roundtable discussion has been conducted with 4 physicians who have been involved in management of large cohorts of patients with hiv infection and who have had a special interest in reduction of vascular disease risk. (c) 2016 national lipid association. all rights reserved.
hiv_aids	changes in retrovirus acquisition/transmission behaviors have been reported in brazil, with a concerning increase in hiv-1-infected individuals aged 15-39 years. in sao paulo, hiv-1/htlv-1 and hiv-1/htlv-2 coinfections have been associated with intravenous drug use and failure to detect htlv-1/2 (human t cell lymphotropic virus types 1 and 2) with immunosuppression and the use of highly active antiretroviral therapy (haart). negative results for htlv serologic [western blotting (wb)] and molecular [real-time pcr pol (qpcr)] confirmatory assays have been reported, whereas the best sensitivity has been found for inno-lia (lia). in this study, we expand our previous data by analyzing a group of young patients (n = 1,383; median age 35.6 years) who recently acquired hiv by sexual contact, the majority of whom were haart naive, and comparing the performances of four htlv confirmatory assays: lia, wb, qpcr, and pcr-rflp (tax). we confirmed htlv infection in 58 (4.2%) blood samples: 29 htlv-1, 24 htlv-2, 1 htlv-1+htlv-2, and 4 htlv. lia, wb, qpcr, and pcr-rflp sensitivities were 94.8%, 82.8%, 79.2%, and 74.5%, respectively. associations of htlv infection with female gender (or = 2.28, 1.31-4.00) and age >40 years (p < .0001) were detected. the results confirm the low sensitivities of molecular assays and the best performance of lia in detecting htlv-1/2 in such patients. we hypothesize that the negative pcr results are due to the presence of defective provirus and/or low proviral load circulating in such patients, with inconclusive wb coinciding with the seroconversion period. corroborating the associations obtained, repeated exposure is required for htlv sexual transmission/acquisition, which is more efficient from male to female.
hiv_aids	purpose of reviewmore point-of-care (poc) diagnostic tests are becoming available for hiv diagnosis and treatment in resource-limited settings. these novel technologies have the potential to foster decentralized hiv care and treatment for the benefit of clinical laboratories, hiv clinics, and hiv-infected patients. there continue to be many business, technological, and operational challenges that limit product development and regulatory approval, which limits products available for the required operational and cost-effectiveness studies and delays policy adoption and implementation.recent findingsalthough the rapid hiv diagnostic test has been widely successful, the pathways for poc cd4(+) cell count and hiv viral load assay analyzers have been more challenging. we describe significant hurdles for product development, approval, and implementation, which include the business case, technical development, clinical impact, and integrating laboratory and clinical networks.summarythe objective of this review is to highlight the obstacles for developing and implementing appropriate strategies for poc hiv testing assays to improve the clinical services for hiv-infected patients in resource-limited settings.
hiv_aids	hiv-positive kenyan men who have sex with men (msm) are a highly stigmatized group facing barriers to care engagement and antiretroviral therapy (art) adherence. because care providers' views are important in improving outcomes, we sought the perspective of those serving msm patients on how to optimize art adherence in a setting where same-sex behavior is criminalized. we conducted 4 focus group discussions with a total of 29 healthcare workers (hcws) experienced in providing hiv care to msm. the semistructured, open-ended topic guide used was based on an access-information-motivation-proximal cues model of adherence, with added focus on trust in providers, stigma, and discrimination. detailed facilitator notes and transcripts were translated into english and reviewed for common themes. the hcw identified adherence challenges of msm patients that are similar to those of the general population, including hiv-related stigma and lack of disclosure. in addition, hcws noted challenges specific to msm, such as lack of access to msm-friendly health services, economic and social challenges due to stigma, difficult relationships with care providers, and discrimination at the clinic and in the community. hcws recommended clinic staff sensitivity training, use of trained msm peer navigators, and stigma reduction in the community as interventions that might improve adherence and health outcomes for msm. despite noting msm-specific barriers, hcws recommended strategies for improving hiv care for msm in rights-constrained settings that merit future research attention. most likely, multilevel interventions incorporating both individual and structural factors will be necessary.
hiv_aids	purpose: the purpose of this study is to estimate the population size of men who have sex with men (msm) in kazakhstan and their hiv testing history. methods: we conducted structured interviews with msm in four geographically disparate cities-n=400 (n = 100/city)-to implement four population estimation methods and ascertain hiv testing history. results: approximately 3.2% of men-corresponding to similar to 154,000 individuals-in kazakhstan aged 18-59 are msm. the 49.9% of the sample who reported taking an hiv test far exceeds the <1% reported as msm in surveillance data. conclusion: hiv testing surveillance in kazakhstan has underestimated the number of msm. this underscores the need to redress social and structural barriers to hiv testing and disclosure of sexual behavior experienced by msm in kazakhstan. recommendations include promoting cultural sensitivity among testing staff through quality assurance and regular training, and increasing protection and public awareness through antidiscrimination policy development.
hiv_aids	caring for hiv/aids patients and/or drug users requires health care workers (hcws) to have good knowledge of the issues. cultural differences in hcws, combined with professional ethics and personal beliefs, could also result in conflicting attitudes, leading to difficulties related to looking after people affected by hiv/aids or drug users. a cross-sectional study was carried out to assess the attitude towards hiv/aids patients and/or drug users in a sample of workers operating in a large university hospital in southern italy. a total of 736 workers were surveyed from may to november 2016. during the periodic occupational health surveillance, a questionnaire was administered about attitudes of discrimination, acceptance and fear towards these patients. respondents showed average levels of acceptance to hiv/aids and drug user patients. as years of experience and professional training increased, scores for discrimination, acceptance of hiv/aids, acceptance of drug users and fear decreased. factors positively influencing levels of attitudes were being female and younger. supplementary education is needed to strengthen the awareness of hcws.
migraine	objectiveto investigate differences in topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps of the scalp between patients with migraine and healthy controls considering the chronicity (episodic/chronic) and side (strictly unilateral/bilateral) of the symptoms. backgroundit seems that the trigeminal area is sensitized in migraine. no study has investigated topographical pressure sensitivity maps of the scalp in patients with migraine. methodspressure pain thresholds (ppts) were assessed from 21 points distributed over the scalp in 86 patients with episodic migraine, 76 with chronic migraine, and 42 healthy age and matched healthy controls in a blinded design. topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps based on interpolation of the ppts were constructed. clinical features of migraine, anxiety, and depression (hospital anxiety and depression scale, hads) were collected. resultsthe multivariate ancova revealed significant differences in ppt between points (f=55.674; p.417). an anterior to posterior gradient was found, with the lowest ppts located in frontal regions and the highest ppts in occipital areas (all groups, p<.001). conclusionswe found that patients with migraine exhibited generalized pressure pain hypersensitivity in the head as compared to healthy controls and that hypersensitivity was similar between episodic/chronic and unilateral/bilateral migraine. topographical pressure pain sensitivity maps revealed an anterior to posterior gradient of pressure pain sensitivity in both migraine and control groups.
migraine	although it is still debated whether vasoconstriction underlies migraine resolution by triptans, they are not recommended in patients at cardiovascular risk. however, relationship between stroke incidence and triptan use is unclear, and it is unknown whether acute or chronic use of these drugs worsens ischemic brain injury. to address this issue, we investigated the effect of clinically-relevant doses of the potent cerebral artery vasoconstrictor eletriptan on cerebral blood flow (cbf) and brain infarct volumes, as well as on expression of genes involved in cerebrovascular regulation. we report that acute treatment of rats or mice with eletriptan did not reduce basal cbf, which promptly dropped upon treatment with prazosin or dihydroergotamine. acute of chronic (1 month) eletriptan also did not affect cbf changes and infarct volumes in mice undergoing brain ischemia/reperfusion. finally, chronic eletriptan reduced brain mrnas for pacap and vip, leaving unaffected those for 5ht1(b/d)r and cgrp. no significant transcript changes were found in dura mater. data suggest that the impact of triptans on cerebral hemodynamic should be re-evaluated, as well as their propensity to increase stroke risk in migraineurs. (c) 2016 ibro. published by elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
migraine	introduction. episodic ataxias (eas) are rare dominantly inherited neurological disorders characterized by recurrent episodes of ataxia lasting minutes to hours. the most common subtype is ea type 2 (ea2) caused by pathogenic variants of calcium voltage-gated channel subunit alpha1 a gene (cacna1a) on chromosome 19p13. subjects and methods. we examined a slovak three-generation family. genomic dna of the family members was extracted from peripheral blood and amplified by polymerase chain reaction. cacna1a variants were screened by sanger sequencing. results. we identified four family members with recurrent episodes of ataxia. complex differential diagnosis was performed. genetic analysis with direct sequencing revealed a novel heterozygous variant of cacna1a - c.5264a>g (p.glu1755gly) located in the pore loop of domain iv of calcium channel alpha-1a subunit. conclusion. we identified a novel missense variant of a voltage-dependent p/q-type calcium channel alpha-1a subunit in a slovak three-generation family with recurrent episodes of ataxia. the heterozygous missense variant resulted in changing a highly conserved glutamic acid within the pore loop of domain iv.
migraine	background: there may be a link between right-to-left shunt (rls) and brain white matter lesions (wmls) in patients with migraine. in this study, we assessed the relationship between wmls and rls in japanese migraine patients. methods: a total of 107 consecutive patients with migraine with (ma) and without aura (mwoa) were included in this study. contrast transcranial doppler ultrasound was used to detect rls. wmls were graded using brain magnetic resonance imaging based on well-established criteria. findings: the prevalence of rls was significantly increased in the wmls positive group (n = 24) compared with the wmls negative group (n = 83) (75.0% vs. 47.0%, p = 0.015). in prevalence of wmls between ma and mwoa patients, there were no statistical differences (p = 0.410). logistic regression analysis adjusted by age and disease duration of migraine identified an rls-positive status as the sole determinant for the presence of wmls (or = 6.15; 95% ci 1.82-20.8; p = 0.003) conclusion: our study suggests a possible link between rls and wmls in japanese patients with migraine.
migraine	hypothesis: changes in the weather influence symptom severity in meniere 's disease (md). background: md is an unpredictable condition that significantly impacts on quality of life. it is suggested that fluctuations in the weather, especially atmospheric pressure may influence the symptoms of md. however, to date, limited research has investigated the impact of the weather on md. methods: in a longitudinal study, a mobile phone application collected data from 397 individuals (277 females and 120 males with an average age of 50 yr) from the uk reporting consultant-diagnosed md. daily symptoms (vertigo, aural fullness, tinnitus, hearing loss, and attack prevalence) and gps locations were collected; these data were linked with met office weather data (including atmospheric pressure, humidity, temperature, visibility, and wind speed). results: symptom severity and attack prevalence were reduced on days when atmospheric pressure was higher. when atmospheric pressure was below 1,013 hectopascals, the risk of an attack was 1.30 (95% confidence interval: 1.10, 1.54); when the humidity was above 90%, the risk of an attack was 1.26 (95% confidence interval 1.06, 1.49). conclusion: this study provides the strongest evidence to date that changes in atmospheric pressure and humidity are associated with symptom exacerbation in md. improving our understanding of the role of weather and other environmental triggers in meniere 's may reduce the uncertainty associated with living with this condition, significantly contributing to improved quality of life.
migraine	background and purpose spreading depolarizations (sds) may contribute to delayed cerebral ischemia after subarachnoid hemorrhage (sah). we tested whether sd-inhibitor valproate reduces brain injury in an sah rat model with and without experimental sd induction. methods rats were randomized in a 2x2 design and pretreated with valproate (200 mg/kg) or vehicle for 4 weeks. sah was induced by endovascular puncture of the right internal carotid bifurcation. one day post-sah, brain tissue damage was measured with t-2-weighted magnetic resonance imaging, followed by cortical application of 1 mol/l kcl (to induce sds) or nacl (no sds). magnetic resonance imaging was repeated on day 3 followed by histology to confirm neuronal death. neurological function was measured with an inclined slope test. results in the groups with kcl application, lesion growth between days 1 and 3 was 5773 mm3 in the valproate-treated versus 237 +/- 232 mm3 in the vehicle-treated group. in the groups without sd induction, lesion growth in the valproate- and vehicle-treated groups was 8 +/- 20 mm3 versus 27 +/- 52 mm3. on fitting a 2-way analysis of variance model, we found a significant interaction effect between treatment and kcl/nacl application of 161 mm3 (p=0.04). number and duration of sds, mortality, and neurological function were not statistically significantly different between groups. lesion growth on magnetic resonance imaging correlated to histological infarct volume (spearman 's rho =0.83; p=0.0004), with areas of lesion growth exhibiting reduced neuronal death compared with primary lesions. conclusions in our rat sah model, valproate treatment significantly reduced brain lesion growth after kcl application. future studies are needed to confirm that this protective effect is based on sd inhibition.
migraine	background: patients with medication-overuse headache suffer not only from chronic headache, but often from psychiatric comorbidities, such as anxiety and depression. the mechanisms underlying these comorbidities are unclear, but the amygdala is likely to be involved in their pathogenesis. to investigate the mechanisms underlying the comorbidities we used elevated plus maze and open field tests to assess anxiety-like behavior in rats chronically treated with analgesics. we measured the electrical properties of neurons in the amygdala, and examined the cortical spreading depression (csd)-evoked expression of fos in the trigeminal nucleus caudalis (tnc) and amygdala of rats chronically treated with analgesics. csd, an analog of aura, evokes fos expression in the tnc of rodents suggesting trigeminal nociception, considered to be a model of migraine. results: increased anxiety-like behavior was seen both in elevated plus maze and open field tests in a model of medication overuse produced in male rats by chronic treatment with aspirin or acetaminophen. the time spent in the open arms of the maze by aspirin-or acetaminophen-treated rats (53 +/- 36.1 and 37 +/- 29.5 s, respectively) was significantly shorter than that spent by saline-treated vehicle control rats (138 +/- 22.6 s, p < 0.001). chronic treatment with the analgesics increased the excitability of neurons in the central nucleus of the amygdala as indicated by their more negative threshold for action potential generation (-54.6 +/- 5.01 mv for aspirin-treated, -55.2 +/- 0.97 mv for acetaminophen-treated, and -31.50 +/- 5.34 mv for saline-treated rats, p < 0.001). chronic treatment with analgesics increased the csd-evoked expression of fos in the tnc and amygdala [18 +/- 10.2 fos-immunoreactive (ir) neurons per slide in the amygdala of rats treated with aspirin, 11 +/- 5.4 ir neurons per slide in rats treated with acetaminophen, and 4 +/- 3.7 ir neurons per slide in saline-treated control rats, p < 0.001]. conclusions: chronic treatment with analgesics can increase the excitability of neurons in the amygdala, which could underlie the anxiety seen in patients with medication-overuse headache.
migraine	intervention strategies in familial adenomatous polyposis (fap) patients and other high-risk colorectal cancer (crc) populations have highlighted a critical need for endoscopy combined with safe and effective preventive agents. we performed transcriptome profiling of colorectal adenomas from fap patients and the polyposis in rat colon (pirc) preclinical model, and prioritized molecular targets for prevention studies in vivo. at clinically relevant doses in the pirc model, the drug clotam (tolfenamic acid, ta) was highly effective at suppressing tumorigenesis both in the colon and in the small intestine, when administered alone or in combination with sulindac. cell proliferation in the colonic crypts was reduced significantly by ta, coincident with increased cleaved caspase-3 and decreased survivin, beta-catenin, cyclin d1 and matrix metalloproteinase 7. from the list of differentially expressed genes prioritized by transcriptome profiling, mmp7, s100a9, nppb and aldh1a3 were defined as key oncogene candidates downregulated in colon tumors after ta treatment. monthly colonoscopies revealed the rapid onset of tumor suppression by ta in the pirc model, and the temporal changes in mmp7, s100a9, nppb and aldh1a3, highlighting their value as potential early biomarkers for prevention in the clinical setting. we conclude that ta, an ""old drug"" repurposed from migraine, offers an exciting new therapeutic avenue in fap and other high-risk crc patient populations.
migraine	background: while studies have demonstrated the economic burden of migraines in terms of quality of life, health care resource use (hru), and costs, there exists a notable paucity of data comparing such outcomes among migraineurs with nausea and vomiting (n/v) and those without. the current study aimed to address this gap. methods: this was a retrospective study using data from the 2013 us national health and wellness survey, a cross-sectional, internet-based survey. respondents self-reported their migraine with or without n/v along with demographics and outcomes including depression (patient health questionnaire total score; phq-9), sleep problems (11-item total score of sleep problems), hru (number of physician visits, emergency room [er] visits, and hospitalizations) and work productivity and activity impairment-general health scale (wpai-gh), and associated mean annual costs. generalized linear models, adjusting for covariates, assessed the burden of n/v on all outcomes. results: among all migraineurs (n=7,855), 73.4% were female, mean age was 41.82 years old, and 57.6% reported experiencing n/v. adjusting for covariates, migraineurs with n/v vs without n/v had higher mean phq-9 scores (7.91 vs 7.02, p<0.001) and mean sleep problems (3.29 vs 2.64, p<0.001). mean er visits were more frequent among migraineurs with n/v than those without n/v (0.48 vs 0.38, p=0.001). this difference translated into a 26.3% increase in estimated mean er costs (n/v=us$ 1,499 vs without n/v=us$ 1,187, p=0.002). mean percentage activity impairment was higher in migraineurs with n/v than in those without n/v (37.73% vs 35.12%, p=0.002) and migraineurs with n/v had higher work productivity loss costs (n/v=us$ 10,344 vs without n/v=us$ 9,218, p=0.016). conclusion: migraine patients with n/v reported worse depression, sleep problems, and activity impairment, and higher er visits than those without n/v. migraine with n/v was also associated with an increase in mean annual er visit costs and work productivity loss costs. study findings suggest unmet needs with current treatment options for migraine patients with n/v.
migraine	background: calcitonin gene-related peptide provokes migraine attacks in 65% of patients with migraine without aura. whether aggregation of migraine in first-degree relatives (family load) or a high number of risk-conferring single nucleotide polymorphisms contributes to migraine susceptibility to calcitonin gene-related peptide infusion in migraine patients is unknown. we hypothesized that genetic enrichment plays a role in triggering of migraine and, therefore, migraine without aura patients with high family load would report more migraine attacks after calcitonin gene-related peptide infusion than patients with low family load. methods: we allocated 40 previously genotyped migraine without aura patients to receive intravenous infusion of 1.5 mu g/min calcitonin gene-related peptide and recorded migraine attacks including headache characteristics and associated symptoms. information of familial aggregation was obtained by telephone interview of first-degree relatives using a validated semi-structured questionnaire. results: calcitonin gene-related peptide infusion induced a migraine-like attack in 75% (12 out of 16) of patients with high family load compared to 52% (12 out of 23) with low family load (p = 0.150). in addition, we found that the migraine response after calcitonin gene-related peptide was not associated with specific or a high number of risk-conferring single nucleotide polymorphisms of migraine without aura. conclusion: we found no statistical association between familial aggregation of migraine and hypersensitivity to calcitonin gene-related peptide infusion in migraine without aura patients. we also demonstrated that the currently known single nucleotide polymorphisms conferring risk of migraine without aura have no additive effect on calcitonin gene-related peptide induced migraine-like attacks.
osteoarthritis	the emerging field of precision medicine emphasizes an individualized approach to prevention, diagnosis, and treatment of disease. using information from an individual 's genetics, environment and lifestyle, epigenetics, and other fields in precision medicine, practitioners can maximize resources by targeting pathology and human performance on the molecular level. however, practitioners may not be aware of topics within this field. therefore, the purpose of this review is to introduce basic concepts in precision medicine to highlight their potential application to sports medicine and performance enhancement. this review provides practical suggestions for implementation of some currently available precision medicine concepts in sport.
osteoarthritis	the menisci of the knees are semicircular fibrocartilaginous structures consisting of a hydrophilic extracellular matrix containing a network of collagen fibers, glycoproteins, and proteoglycans maintained by a cellular component. the menisci are responsible for more than 50% of load transmission across the knee and increase joint congruity thereby also aiding in fluid film lubrication of the joint. in the united kingdom, meniscal tears are the most common form of intra-articular knee injury and one of the commonest indications for orthopedic intervention. the management of these injuries is dependent on the location within the meniscus (relative to peripheral blood supply) and the pattern of tear. removal of meniscus is known to place the knee at increased risk of osteoarthritis; therefore repair of meniscal tears is preferable. however, a significant proportion of tears are irreparable and can only be treated by partial or even complete meniscectomy. more recent studies have shown encouraging results with meniscal replacement in this situation, though further work is required in this area.
osteoarthritis	this article highlights that the long-term and serial follow-up of adolescents with osteoid osteoma should be considered, even after complete excision of the nidus owing to the possibility of the delayed onset or progression of femur head and neck deformities or osteoarthritis. it is important to recognize the sequelae of osteoid osteomas, such as bone edema and new bone formation, which can alter the normal anatomy of the proximal femur. we report two cases of osteoid osteoma in the proximal femur, which showed progressive hypertrophy of the femoral neck after excision of the nidus and subsequent cam-type femoroacetabular impingement (fai), requiring additional osteochondroplasty procedures. even though hip pain was relieved immediately after excision of the nidus in both cases, cam-type fai developed during postoperative follow-up of 18 months (case 1) and 6.5 years (case 2). hip pain subsided within 1 month of osteochondroplasty, and the full range of motion of the hip joint was achieved and was being maintained after postoperative follow-up of 1 year (case 1) and 6 months (case 2).
osteoarthritis	although osteoarthritis (oa) has been traditionally regarded as a non-inflammatory disease, reports increasingly suggest that it is inflammatory, at least in certain patients. oa patients often exhibit inflammatory infiltration of synovial membranes by macrophages, t cells, mast cells, b cells, plasma cells, natural killer cells, dendritic cells, granulocytes, etc. although previous reviews have summarized the knowledge of inflammation in the pathogenesis of oa, as far as we know, no report review our current understanding about t cells, especially, each t cell subtype, in the biology of oa. this review highlights the current understanding of the role of t cells in the pathogenesis of oa, with attention to th1 cells, th2 cells, th9 cells, th17 cells, th22 cells, regulatory t cells, follicular helper t cells, cytotoxic t cells, t memory cells, and even unconventional t cells (e.g.,gamma delta t cells and cluster of differentiation 1 restricted t cells). the findings highlight the importance of t cells to the development and progression of oa and suggest new therapeutic approaches for oa patients based on the manipulation of t-cell responses.
osteoarthritis	ross river virus (rrv), a mosquito-transmitted alphavirus prevalent in australia, is believed to cause poor performance, lethargy, and muscle stiffness in australian horses. however, disease progression and management is poorly documented. a better understanding of disease presentation, acute therapy, and long-term management is required. the aim of the study was to describe clinical presentation, diagnosis, acute treatment, and long-term management of rrv infection in horses. this study is a series of retrospective case reports. clinical and diagnostic data were obtained from both veterinary records, and owner interviews for five performance horses that presented with acute poor performance coupled with serologic evidence of rrv exposure. clinical and owner reports were evaluated from the time of presentation until the horses appeared asymptomatic and had returned to normal performance. ross river virus was suspected to be the cause of generalized muscle stiffness and poor performance in five performance horses located in southeast queensland between 2011 and 2015. clinical symptoms included pyrexia, tachypnea, exercise intolerance, generalized muscle stiffness, synovial effusion, and edema of the lower limbs. serologic investigations (elisa and/or virus neutralization assay) detected antibody responses to rrv. horses were treated with nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs (n = 5) and disease-modifying osteoarthritis drugs (n = 2). most horses returned to previous athletic capabilities between 7 and 12 months after the onset of symptoms. not all horses in the study had preclinical serology or submitted paired blood samples for serology, meaning assumption of acute infection in those horses was made based on clinical signs coupled with positive serology. ross river virus is a significant but poorly understood cause of poor performance in australian horses. this report is the only one to document longitudinal management of performance horses affected by rrv infection. much more research is needed to gain a better understanding of this infection in horses. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
osteoarthritis	background: in 2002, moseley et al published a randomized controlled trial (rct) that showed no difference between knee arthroscopy and placebo for patients with osteoarthritis (oa). we wanted to assess the impact of the trial on clinical practice in the united states. purpose/hypothesis: to evaluate changes in knee arthroscopy practice before and after publication of the article by moseley et al and to assess the effect of this landmark rct on the behavior of practicing orthopaedic surgeons. we hypothesized that after publication of the moseley trial, the overall frequency of knee arthroscopy would decrease, that the mean age of patients undergoing knee arthroscopy would decrease, and that the proportion of arthroscopies for a diagnosis of oa would decrease. study design: descriptive epidemiology study. methods: the state ambulatory surgery database was used to analyze cases from 1998 to 2006, which were classified as meniscus tear, oa, or oa with meniscus tear. changes in age, surgery rates, and case classification were evaluated before and after moseley 's trial using student t tests and analysis of variance. results: after publication of the trial, the number of knee arthroscopies per year increased from 155,057 in 1998 to 172,317 in 2006 (p <= .001). mean patient age increased from 47.6 to 49.2 years (p < .001). meniscus tears increased from 69.1% to 70.8%, representing approximately 15,500 additional cases per year. oa decreased from 10.6% to 7.2%, representing approximately 4000 fewer cases per year. oa with meniscus tear increased from 20.3% to 22.0%, representing approximately 6400 additional cases per year. conclusion: while overall age and rates of knee arthroscopy increased contrary to our hypothesis, we identified a decrease in rates of knee arthroscopy for oa after publication of the moseley trial, demonstrating that well-publicized rcts can influence patterns of clinical practice.
osteoarthritis	background: several new rehabilitation modalities have been proposed after anterior cruciate ligament (acl) reconstruction. among these, trigger point dry needling (trp-dn) might be useful in the treatment of myofascial pain syndrome associated with acl reconstruction to reduce pain intensity, increase knee flexion range and modify the mechanical properties of the quadriceps muscle during late-stage rehabilitation. to date, this is the first randomized clinical trial to support the use of trp-dn in the early rehabilitation process after acl reconstruction. the aim of this study was to determine the pain intensity, range of motion (rom), stability, and functionality improvements by adding quadriceps vastus medialis trp-dn to the rehabilitation protocol (rh) provided to subacute acl reconstructed patients. methods: this randomized, single-blinded, clinical trial (nct02699411) included 44 subacute patients with surgical reconstruction of complete acl rupture. the patients were randomized into 2 intervention groups: rh (n=22) or rh+ trp-dn (n=22). pain intensity, rom, stability, and functionality were measured at baseline (a(0)) and immediately (a(1)), 24 hours (a(2)), 1 week (a(3)), and 5 weeks (a(4)) after the first treatment. results: comparing statistically significant differences (p.05). conclusion: quadriceps vastus medialis trp-dn in conjunction with a rehabilitation protocol in subacute patients with surgical reconstruction of complete acl rupture increases rom (short-term) and functionality (short-to mid-term). although there was an increase in pain intensity with the addition of trp-dn, this was not detected beyond immediately after the first treatment. furthermore, stability does not seem to be modified after trp-dn.
osteoarthritis	background: previous studies have reported varying return-to-sport protocols after knee cartilage restoration procedures. purpose: to (1) evaluate the time for return to sport in athletes with an isolated chondral injury who underwent an accelerated return-to-sport protocol after osteochondral autograft plug transfer (oat) and (2) evaluate clinical outcomes to assess for any consequences from the accelerated return to sport. study design: case series; level of evidence, 4. methods: an institutional cohort of 152 oat procedures was reviewed, of which 20 competitive athletes met inclusion and exclusion criteria. all patients underwent a physician-directed accelerated rehabilitation program after their procedure. return to sport was determined for all athletes. clinical outcomes were assessed using international knee documentation committee (ikdc) and tegner scores as well as assessment of level of participation on return to sport. results: return-to-sport data were available for all 20 athletes; 13 of 20 athletes (65%) were available for clinical evaluation at a mean 4.4-year follow-up. the mean time for return to sport for all 20 athletes was 82.9 25 days (range, 38-134 days). all athletes were able to return to sport at their previous level and reported that they were satisfied or very satisfied with their surgical outcome and ability to return to sport. the mean postoperative ikdc score was 84.5 +/- 9.5. the mean tegner score prior to injury was 8.9 +/- 1.7; it was 7.7 +/- 1.9 at final follow-up. conclusion: competitive athletes with traumatic chondral defects treated with oat managed using this protocol had reduced time to preinjury activity levels compared with what is currently reported, with excellent clinical outcomes and no serious long-term sequelae.
osteoarthritis	background: in 2002, moseley et al published a randomized controlled trial (rct) that showed no difference between knee arthroscopy and placebo for patients with osteoarthritis (oa). we wanted to assess the impact of the trial on clinical practice in the united states. purpose/hypothesis:to evaluate changes in knee arthroscopy practice before and after publication of the article by moseley et al and to assess the effect of this landmark rct on the behavior of practicing orthopaedic surgeons. we hypothesized that after publication of the moseley trial, the overall frequency of knee arthroscopy would decrease, that the mean age of patients undergoing knee arthroscopy would decrease, and that the proportion of arthroscopies for a diagnosis of oa would decrease. study design:descriptive epidemiology study. methods:the state ambulatory surgery database was used to analyze cases from 1998 to 2006, which were classified as meniscus tear, oa, or oa with meniscus tear. changes in age, surgery rates, and case classification were evaluated before and after moseley 's trial using student t tests and analysis of variance. results:after publication of the trial, the number of knee arthroscopies per year increased from 155,057 in 1998 to 172,317 in 2006 (p < .001). mean patient age increased from 47.6 to 49.2 years (p <= .001). meniscus tears increased from 69.1% to 70.8%, representing approximately 15,500 additional cases per year. oa decreased from 10.6% to 7.2%, representing approximately 4000 fewer cases per year. oa with meniscus tear increased from 20.3% to 22.0%, representing approximately 6400 additional cases per year. conclusion:while overall age and rates of knee arthroscopy increased contrary to our hypothesis, we identified a decrease in rates of knee arthroscopy for oa after publication of the moseley trial, demonstrating that well-publicized rcts can influence patterns of clinical practice.
osteoarthritis	osteoarthritis is a degenerative joint disease caused by excessive death of chondrocytes and loss of the extracellular matrix (ecm) in articular cartilage. we previously reported that reactive oxygen species (ros) generated by the nadph oxidase (nox) isoform nox-2 are involved in chondrocyte death induced by interleukin-1 beta (il-1 beta). in this study, we investigate the role of nox-2 in the production and degradation of ecm by chondrocytes. although il-1 beta lowered the mrna expression of type ii collagen (col2a1) and aggrecan (acan) in mouse chondrocyte-like atdc5 cells, rna silencing of nox2 did not change the mrna expression of these major components of the ecm of cartilage. hence, nox-2 is not involved in the il-1 beta-induced suppression of ecm production. on the other hand, the nox inhibitor 4-(2-aminoethyl)benzenesulfonyl fluoride (aebsf), the ros scavenger n-acetylcysteine and an antisense oligodeoxynucleotide for nox2 prevented the loss of proteoglycan induced by il-1 beta in highly differentiated atdc5 cells. furthermore, aebsf did not affect the expression of hyaluronidase-1 and -2, whereas it suppressed hyaluronidase activity in culture medium. il-1 beta-induced intra- and extracellular acidification was also suppressed by aebsf, as was the antisense oligodeoxynucleotide for nox2. since hyaluronidase activity is known to be higher under acidic conditions, nox-2 probably contributes to ecm loss by the activation of hyaluronidase through acidification.
hereditary_angioedema	we report the case of a young boy with recurrent facial edema from his third year of life, diagnosed later with hereditary angio edema (hae), who died of severe fatal laryngeal attack at the age of eleven. the father had milder hae attacks until the age of 30, when he was diagnosed with systemic lupus erithematosus and the oldest brother has recurrent abdominal pain attacks, with long asymptomatic period. family history revealed another three members who died suffocated at different ages, without any diagnosis.the death of the young boy happened in a small hospital two hours after admission, while few ineffective procedures were performed. we consider that hae severity and fatality risk were underestimated by medical staff and the fatal outcome of hae attack in the youngest child could have been possibly prevented in a better equipped medical unit. this case highlights the need to raise the profile of hae within the medical community and to improve prophylaxis and treatment of this potential fatal disease.
hereditary_angioedema	hereditary angioedema with normal c1-esterase inhibitor (hae-nc1inh) perioperative is a rare condition which could have potential disastrous ramifications for the anesthesiologist in the perioperative period. however, there is limited evidence and/or guidelines on the optimal way to manage these patients. we present the case of a patient with hae-nc1inh who was successfully managed in the perioperative period with plasma derived cl-esterase inhibitor (pdc1inh). a 29-year-old woman with a diagnosis of hae-nc1inh presented to the preoperative consultation in preparation for an upcoming total thyroidectomy. she had a 14-year history of ongoing lip and facial edema sometimes necessitating emergency department visitation. close consultation with her immunologist, transfusion medicine specialists, and anesthesia care providers allowed for a preoperative plan to provide the patient adequate prophylaxis. both pdc1inh and tranexamic acid were given preoperatively. the patient underwent surgery with no complications. a multi-disciplinary team of clinical immunologists, transfusion medicine specialists, and anesthesiologists facilitated the successful perioperative management of a patient with hae-nc1inh; pdc1inh may a suitable prophylactic perioperative therapy for this rare patient population. (c) 2016 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
hereditary_angioedema	background: hereditary angioedema (hae) due to c1 inhibitor deficiency manifests as recurrent swelling attacks that can be disabling and sometimes fatal. long-term prophylaxis with twice-weekly intravenous injections of plasma-derived c1-inhibitor (pdc1-inh) has been established as an effective treatment. subcutaneous (sc) administration of pdc1-inh has not been studied in patients with hae. methods: this open-label, dose-ranging, crossover study (compact phase ii) was conducted in 18 patients with type i or ii hae who received two of twice-weekly 1500, 3000, or 6000 iu sc doses of highly concentrated volume-reduced csl830 for 4 weeks each. the mean trough plasma levels of c1-inh functional activity, c1-inh and c4 antigen levels during week 4, and overall safety and tolerability were evaluated. the primary outcome was model-derived steady-state trough c1-inh functional activity. results: after sc csl830 administration, a dose-dependent increase in trough functional c1-inh activity was observed. c1-inh and c4 levels both increased. the two highest dose groups (3000 and 6000 iu) achieved constant c1-inh activity levels above 40% values, a threshold that was assumed to provide clinical protection against angioedema attacks. compared with intravenous injection, pdc1-inh sc injection with csl830 showed a lower peak-to-trough ratio and more consistent exposures. all doses were well tolerated. mild-to-moderate local site reactions were noted with pain and swelling being the most common adverse event. conclusions: subcutaneous volume-reduced csl830 was well tolerated and led to a dose-dependent increase in physiologically relevant functional c1-inh plasma levels. a clinical outcome study of sc csl830 in patients with hae warrants further investigation.
hereditary_angioedema	background: bradykinin-mediated angioedema (ae) is a rare disease characterised by recurrent angioedema linked to acquired (e.g. angiotensin converting enzyme inhibitor induced ae) or hereditary disorders (e.g. ae type i or ii). as the clinical picture can be misleading, diagnosis of this disease is sometimes difficult. a bradykinin-mediated ae attack may be a therapeutic emergency which requires access to effective, but expensive, treatments. their prescription must therefore be justified. no specific marker of acute bradykinin-mediated ae attacks has yet been identified to facilitate the therapeutic decision but it has been sought in many studies. purpose: this article reviews the literature on this type of biomarker, comparing candidate bradykinin-mediated ae markers to candidate markers of mast cell activation. conclusion: the most interesting biomarkers are those linked to endothelial stress (ve cadherin, e-selectin, endothelin-1, von willebrand factor and its activity) which is significantly increased during an ae attack. all these markers must now be validated by prospective studies to determine their specificity and utility in diagnosis.
hereditary_angioedema	the incidence of bradykinin-induced angioedema is considerably lower than that of histamine-induced forms; however, the same is true for the clinician 's knowledge of this condition. bradykinin-induced angioedemas include hereditary angioedema (hae), as well as acquired forms induced by drugs or antibody formation, e.g., during the course of oncologic disease. drug-induced forms affect almost exclusively the head and neck region, and are thus important for the otorhinolaryngologist. clear differentiation between histamine-induced angioedema (e. g., connected to allergy/urticaria) and bradykinin-induced angioedema is essential for selection of the specific treatment and may be lifesaving. antihistamines and cortisone derivatives have no relevant effect in bradykinin induced-angioedema, whereas blood-derived c1 esterase inhibitor and bradykinin receptor 2 antagonists represent effective therapeutic options-both for acute and prophylactic treatment.
hereditary_angioedema	factor xii is a mysterious plasma protein without a clear physiologic function. it was identified as a clotting factor, but has no clear role in hemostasis. however, fxii also contributes to the production of bradykinin, a short-lived inflammatory peptide. a growing body of mechanistic research from animal models indicates that fxii contributes to thrombotic disease by triggering excessive coagulation. fxii is evolutionarily conserved, suggesting that this molecule does have a physiologic function. this leads to intriguing questions: what does fxii really do? is it even a real clotting factor at all? before the groundbreaking discovery of a role for fxii in thrombotic disease, many studies investigated the biochemical properties of fxii and its activators. in this review, we highlight several biochemical studies that reveal much about the natural behavior of fxii. on the basis of these findings, it is possible to draft a conceptual model to explain how fxii reacts to surface materials. we then discuss how this model applies to the activities of fxii in its natural environment. there are two tentative physiologic functions of fxii that can operate exclusively: (i) maintenance of thrombus stability; (ii) local regulation of vascular permeability. either, or both, of these natural functions may explain the evolutionary development and maintenance of fxii.
hereditary_angioedema	a rare case of death of a young man due to airway obstruction in the course of angioedema (quincke 's edema). type i hereditary angioedema due to c1 esterase inhibitor deficiency had been diagnosed in the man while he was alive. the information concerning the man 's health state was given in the public prosecutor 's decision ordering medico legal autopsy, which was extremely helpful in recognizing the cause of death. (c) 2015 elsevier ireland ltd. all rights reserved.
hereditary_angioedema	plasma kallikrein (pk), a serine protease in the trypsin clan (sa), plays critical roles in many physiological and pathological pathways. regulating the abnormal activity of pk has been successfully used in the clinical therapy of hereditary angioedema. in this study, the serine protease domain of murine plasma kallikrein (mpk) was expressed in the pichia pastoris system. the recombinant protein was a glycosylated active enzyme after purification by the cation exchange and size-exclusion chromatography, and was crystallized at the precipitant condition of 25% peg 3350, 0.1 m tris-hcl ph 8.5 and 0.1 m nacl. the crystal structure of mpk was determined at 2.6 angstrom. this is the first published crystal structure of mpk, showing some distinctive features at s2' and s3' pockets when compared to its human analogue (human plasma kallikrein, hpk). in addition, mpk show unique structural features in the non-conservative 67-72 and 76-81 loops when compared to other serine proteases. these results provide insights for the design of potent and selective pk inhibitors.
hereditary_angioedema	the association of hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia (hht) and type i hereditary angioedema is a very rare condition in medicine. the case reported by muller et al., describes the coexistence of the two diseases and emphasizes the need for listing hht patients for liver transplantation in case indications occurs, such as the presence of hcc, abnormally increased cardiac output, and gastrointestinal bleeding as reported for this case. the case described by mueller et al. is anecdotal for the usefulness of liver transplantation in hht patients and shows that liver transplantation may be the best supportive care and, sometimes, the unique and final therapeutic option for these patients.
hereditary_angioedema	angioedema is a rare condition which manifests as sudden localised, non-pitting swelling of certain body parts including skin and mucous membranes. it is vital that anaesthesiologists understand this condition, as it may present suddenly in the perioperative period with airway compromise. to identify literature for this review, the authors searched the pubmed, medline, embase, scopus and web of science databases for english language articles covering a 10-year period, 2006 through 2016. angioedema can be either mast-cell mediated or bradykinin-induced. older therapies for histaminergic symptoms are well known to anaesthesiologists (e.g., adrenaline, anti-histamines and steroids), whereas older therapies for bradykinin-induced symptoms include plasma and attenuated androgens. new classes of drugs for bradykinin-induced symptoms are now available, including anti-bradykinin, plasma kallikrein inhibitor and c1 esterase inhibitors. these can be used prophylactically or as rescue medications. anaesthesiologists are in a unique position to coordinate perioperative care for this complex group of patients.
kidney_health	background: diet can affect kidney health through its effects on inflammation. objective: we tested whether the adapted dietary inflammatory index (adii) is associated with kidney function and whether effects of diet on chronic low-grade inflammation explain this association. methods: this was an observational analysis in 1942 elderly community-dwelling participants aged 70-71 y from 2 independent cohorts: the uppsala longitudinal study of adult men (n = 1097 men) and the prospective investigation of vasculature in uppsala seniors (n = 845 men and women). the adii was calculated from 7-d food records, combining putatively proinflammatory and anti-inflammatory effects of nutrients, vitamins, and trace elements. the adii was validated against serum c-reactive protein (crp) concentrations. the estimated glomerular filtration rate (egfr) was assessed from serum cystatin c (cys) and creatinine (crea). associations between the adii and egfr were investigated, and crp was considered to be a mediator. results: in adjusted analysis, a 1-sd higher adii was associated with higher crp (beta: 6%, 95% cl: 1%, 10%; p= 0.01) and lower egfr [chronic kidney disease epidemiology collaboration (ckd-epi)(cys): -2.1%, 95% cl: -3.2%, -1.1%; ckd-epi(cys+crea): -1.8%; 95% cl: -2.7%, -0.9%; both p < 0.001]. crp was also inversely associated with egfr. mediation analyses showed that of the total effect of the adii on kidney function, 15% and 17% (for ckd-epicys+crea and ckd-epicys equations, respectively) were explained/mediated by serum crp. findings were similar when each cohort was analyzed separately. conclusions: a proinflammatory diet was associated with systemic inflammation as well as with reduced kidney function in a combined analysis of 2 community-based cohorts of elderly individuals. our results also suggest systemic inflammation to be one potential pathway through which this dietary pattern is linked to kidney function.
kidney_health	macroautophagy is a highly evolutionally conserved degradation process by which cytosolic materials (including macromolecules such as proteins and lipids) and damaged organelles are broken down to their basic components. the role of autophagy is not only the elimination of materials, but it also serves as a dynamic recycling system that produces new components and energy for cellular renovation and homeostasis. the association of autophagy with the organ physiology and pathogenesis of various disorders such as neurodegenerative diseases, cancer, infection and inflammatory bowel disease has been revealed in recent years. autophagy also plays an essential role in cellular homeostasis in kidney and counteracts age-related stress and kidney diseases. here, we critically review the current evidence regarding autophagy in the kidney, in particular as assessed with tissue- or cell lineage-specific autophagy-deficient mice. better insight into the mechanisms underlying renoprotective roles of autophagy will pave the way toward novel therapies for kidney diseases.
kidney_health	kidney diseases as well as lower urinary tract diseases occur relatively often in pigs, especially in sows. occasionally acids are used in sow-feeding to prevent urinary tract diseases by lowering the urine ph. because this systemically acting acidification influences the acid-base and mineral homeostasis and possibly also the kidney health of the animals, laboratory diagnostic and especially metabolite analyses of the urine of pigs are of value in the scope of herd management. urine samples are quite easily obtained using spontaneously emicted midstream urine of a representative group of sows. immediate measuring of the ph and sensory assessment of the sample as well as measuring nsba, na, k, ca and p in the laboratory, have proven to be useful parameters. depending on the investigated issue the following parameters can be analyzed: mg, cl, protein, creatinine, density, ggt, sediment (erythrocytes, leukocytes, epithelial cells) as well as bacteriological and/or molecular diagnostic methods for pathogen identification. the values of the above mentioned parameters vary depending on the feeding and watering management and not least on the use of acids. therefore only preliminary standard values are given to evaluate particular parameters. based on two case reports the implementation of urine analyses in sows is demonstrated to encourage veterinarians to use urine sampling in pig herd management.
kidney_health	transmembrane signal transduction is the process whereby a ligand binds to the external surface of the cell membrane and elicits a physiological response specific for that ligand and cell type. it is now appreciated that numerous disease states represent disturbances in normal transmembrane signaling mechanisms. in the current paper, we focus our attention on the mesangial cell of the glomerular microcirculation as a prototypical model system for understanding normal and abnormal transmembrane signaling processes. among the major receptor and effector mechanisms for transmembrane signal transduction in the mesangial cell, this paper emphasizes the phospholipase effector response to growth factors and vasoactive hormones. the post-translational and transcriptional pathways for regulation of phospholipase c and phospholipase a(2) are described, including consideration of perturbations in these systems that characterize two disease models, namely: acute cyclosporine nephrotoxicity and early diabetic glomerulopathy.
kidney_health	chronic kidney disease (ckd) is an important global public health problem that is associated with adverse health outcomes and high health care costs. effective and cost-effective treatments are available for slowing the progression of ckd and preventing its complications, including cardiovascular disease. although wealthy nations have highly structured schemes in place to support the care of people with kidney failure, less consideration has been given to health systems and policy for the much larger population of people with non-dialysis- dependent ckd. further, how to integrate such strategies with national and international initiatives for control of other chronic noncommunicable diseases (ncds) merits attention. we synthesized the various approaches to ckd control across 17 european countries and present our findings according to the key domains suggested by the world health organization framework for ncd control. this report identifies opportunities to strengthen ckd-relevant health systems and explores potential mechanisms to capitalize on these opportunities. across the 17 countries studied, we found a number of common barriers to the care of people with non-dialysis-dependent ckd: limited work force capacity, the nearly complete absence of mechanisms for disease surveillance, lack of a coordinated ckd care strategy, poor integration of ckd care with other ncd control initiatives, and low awareness of the significance of ckd. these common challenges faced by diverse health systems reflect the need for international cooperation to strengthen health systems and policies for ckd care. (c) 2014 by the national kidney foundation, inc.
kidney_health	chronic kidney diseases are a social and economic problem, and diet has long been recognized as a fundamental modulator of kidney health in human and experimental models. age-dependent alterations in mitochondrial function play a crucial role in the development of diseases of aging, and mitochondrial disorders have been observed in experimental models of kidney failure. recently, the beneficial dietary effect of a specific mixture of essential amino acids (eaa) has been studied in elderly subjects, but no data were collected from the kidney. the aim of this study was to assess whether daily supplementation of the diet with eaa at the beginning of senescence could preserve renal health. we used middle-aged (18-month-old) male wistar rats fed a standard diet and water ad libitum (m-aged group) or a diet with added eaa (1.5 g/kg per day) dissolved in drinking water for 3 months (m-aged+eaa group). young (2-month-old) rats fed a standard diet for 3 months were used as controls. mitochondrial morphology and markers for collagen, cyt-c-oxidase, hsp60, grp75, enos, inos, bax, bcl2 and vegf were analyzed in glomeruli and tubules. eaa supplementation limited fibrosis and increased the capillary tuft area in the glomeruli of m-aged rats. vegf and enos were enhanced in glomeruli and the peritubular space with the eaa-supplemented diet. mitochondrial cyt-c oxidase, bcl2, and chaperones increased in the distal tubules of the eaa group to levels similar to those observed in the young group. mitochondrial area and density after eaa intake did not differ from young groups. the results suggest that prolonged eaa intake could represent a strategy for maintaining the healthy status of the kidney in m-aged animals.
kidney_health	although it affects <1% of the us population, stage 4 chronic kidney disease (ckd) has increased in prevalence in the united states, grown 67% between the early 1990s and the first part of this decade. it is important to consider new strategies to slow or halt this increase. a frameshift in patient care delivery is underway in kidney health care in the united states with a medicare education benefit for patients with stage 4 ckd. this medicare benefit is a unique program that has the potential to inform patients and families about ckd and prepare them for transitions in health states and kidney health care. for the greatest value of this benefit to be realized, it is critical for the health care community to accurately gauge patient understanding of ckd and provide curricula that are comprehensible and actionable for patients. this type of benefit is patient centered, yet it will succeed only with a willingness to review its effectiveness and revise it if needed. am j kidney dis. 57(3):381-386. (c) 2011 by the national kidney foundation, inc.
kidney_health	aboriginal canadian patients with end-stage kidney disease receive disproportionately fewer transplants than non-aboriginal patients. the reasons for this are poorly understood and likely to be complex. this qualitative study employed thematic analysis of in-depth interviews with canadian kidney health professionals (n = 23) from programs across canada to explore their perspective on this disparity. individual-level factors were the most commonly reported barriers to aboriginal patients accessing transplants-most notable of which was patients' remote living location. understanding the role of 'place' as a barrier to accessing care and the lived experiences of aboriginal patients emerged as key research priorities. (c) 2008 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
kidney_health	study 1: a study was conducted to determine the effects of geriatric foods utilizing 40 healthy geriatric cats (>= 12 years, initially 4.6 kg). cats were fed a control food during a 30-day pre-feeding period, blocked by age, gender, and body fat percentage, and randomly assigned to 1 of 4 foods (a = experimental geriatric food, b = lams active maturity, c = royal canin mature 28, and d = purina one senior protection formula) for the 90-day testing period. chemistry screens and microalbuminuria were evaluated at day 30 and day 90 along with dual-energy x-ray absorptiometry (dexa) scan at day 90. cats fed all foods maintained weight and body fat content throughout the study. at day 90, cats fed food d had reduced (p < 0.01) bone mineral content. cats fed food a and c had reduced (p < 0.03) lean. cats fed food a tended to have a lower percentage of cats with renal damage (p < 0.08) compared with cats fed food b. for vital organ measures, cats fed food a had lower (p0.15). however, cats fed food h weighed less and had less fat (p < 0.03) compared with cats fed food e. cats fed food f also had less fat (p0.35). by combining the data from both studies and plotting increasing lysine:calorie ratio versus lean loss for each corresponding ratio, a strong linear relationship could be detected with the line representing 75% (r-2 = 0.75) of the variation in lean loss. a moderate linear relationship was detected as bone mineral content decreased with increasing crude protein concentration (r-2 = 0.24). these studies suggest that feeding a food with reduced protein/phosphorus and higher levels of polyunsaturated fatty acids as well as antioxidants improved markers of kidney function compared with other commercial formulas. additionally, increasing the lysine:calorie ratio prevented the loss of lean body mass in the geriatric cat and provided a similar response to high protein foods.
kidney_health	backgroundknowledge about kidney disease among the general population is poor but has not been assessed in the population selected for referral to nephrology care. aimthis study aimed to determine patients' understanding of chronic kidney disease (ckd) when first presenting to a nephrology clinic. methodsnewly referred patients to a nephrology clinic were surveyed with open-ended questions about their understanding of ckd causes, symptoms and management. resultstwo hundred and ten patients were surveyed. median age was 66.5 years (interquartile range 52-77), 50.5% female and mean body mass index 29.7 6.8kg/m(2). prevalence of risk factors for ckd included 31% diabetic, 62% hypertension, 19% family history of ckd and 2% aboriginal or torres strait islander. ckd stage prevalence was 0 (8%), 1 (24%), 2 (11%), 3 (38.5%), 4 (18%) and 5 (0.5%). eighty-two per cent were referred by their primary care physician and 29% had seen a nephrologist previously. kidney health australia was mentioned by 2.4%. sixteen per cent were unsure why they had been referred. ckd causes identified by patients were unsure (40%), alcohol (29%), hypertension (16%) and diabetes (14%). symptoms identified included asymptomatic (16%), kidney pain (17%) and other (42%). management suggested by patients was uncertain (51%), dialysis (32%) and anti-hypertensive medication (16%). eighty-two per cent reported unsatisfactory education from their primary care physician. conclusionsnew patients referred to a renal outpatient department had poor knowledge about kidney disease. education of patients should begin in primary care prior to referral. for most patients, education programmes need to be targeted at a simplistic level.
autism	microglia can shift into different complex morphologies depending on the microenvironment of the central nervous system (cns). the distinct morphologies correlate with specific functions and can indicate the pathophysiological state of the cns. previous postmortem studies of autism spectrum disorder (asd) showed neuroinflammation in asd indicated by increased microglial density. these changes in the microglia density can be accompanied by changes in microglia phenotype but the individual contribution of different microglia phenotypes to the pathophysiology of asd remains unclear. here, we used an unbiased stereological approach to quantify six structurally and functionally distinct microglia phenotypes in postmortem human temporal cortex, which were immuno-stained with ibal. the total density of all microglia phenotypes did not differ between asd donors and typically developing individual donors. however, there was a significant decrease in ramified microglia in both gray matter and white matter of asd, and a significant increase in primed microglia in gray matter of asd compared to typically developing individuals. this increase in primed microglia showed a positive correlation with donor age in both gray matter and white of asd, but not in typically developing individuals. our results provide evidence of a shift in microglial phenotype that may indicate impaired synaptic plasticity and a chronic vulnerability to exaggerated immune responses. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
autism	next-generation sequencing led to the identification of many potential novel disease genes. the presence of mutations in the same gene in multiple unrelated patients is, however, a priori insufficient to establish that these genes are truly involved in the respective disease. here, we show how phenotype information can be incorporated within statistical approaches to provide additional evidence for the causality of mutations. we developed a broadly applicable statistical model that integrates gene-specific mutation rates, cohort size, mutation type, and phenotype frequency information to assess the chance of identifying de novo mutations affecting the same gene in multiple patients with shared phenotype features. we demonstrate our approach based on the frequency of phenotype features present in a unique cohort of 6,149 patients with intellectual disability. we show that our combined approach can decrease the number of patients required to identify novel disease genes, especially for patients with combinations of rare phenotypes. in conclusion, we show how integrating genotype-phenotype information can aid significantly in the interpretation of de novo mutations in potential novel disease genes. (c) 2017 wiley periodicals, inc.
autism	there is accumulating evidence that bumetanide, which has been used over decades as a potent loop diuretic, also exerts effects on brain disorders, including autism, neonatal seizures, and epilepsy, which are not related to its effects on the kidney but rather mediated by inhibition of the neuronal na-k-c1 cotransporter isoform nkcc1. however, following systemic administration, brain levels of bumetanide are typically below those needed to inhibit nkcc1, which critically limits its clinical use for treating brain disorders. recently, active efflux transport at the blood-brain barrier (bbb) has been suggested as a process involved in the low brain:plasma ratio of bumetanide, but it is presently not clear which transporters are involved. understanding the processes explaining the poor brain penetration of bumetanide is needed for developing strategies to improve the brain delivery of this drug. in the present study, we administered probenecid and more selective inhibitors of active transport carriers at the bbb directly into the brain of mice to minimize the contribution of peripheral effects on the brain penetration of bumetanide. furthermore, in vitro experiments with mouse organic anion transporter 3 (oat3)-overexpressing chinese hamster ovary cells were performed to study the interaction of bumetanide, bumetanide derivatives, and several known inhibitors of oats on oat3-mediated transport. the in vivo experiments demonstrated that the uptake and efflux of bumetanide at the bbb is much more complex than previously thought. it seems that both restricted passive diffusion and active efflux transport, mediated by oat3 but also organic anion-transporting polypeptide (oatp) oatpla4 and multidrug resistance protein 4 explain the extremely low brain concentrations that are achieved after systemic administration of bumetanide, limiting the use of this drug for targeting abnormal expression of neuronal nkcc1 in brain diseases. (c) 2017 elsevier ltd. all rights reserved.
autism	this article outlines the emergence of aba (applied behaviour analysis) in the mid-20th century, and the current popularity of aba in the anglophone world. i draw on the work of earlier historians to highlight the role of ole ivar lovaas, the most influential practitioner of aba. i argue that reception of his initial work was mainly positive, despite concerns regarding its efficacy and use of physical aversives. lovaas' work, however, was only cautiously accepted by medical practitioners until he published results in 1987. many accepted the results as validation of lovaas' research, though both his methods and broader understanding of autism had shifted considerably since his early work in the 1960s. the article analyses the controversies surrounding aba since the early 1990s, considering in particular criticisms made by autistic people in the neurodiversity movement'. as with earlier critics, some condemn the use of painful aversives, exemplified in the campaign against the use of shock therapy at the judge rotenberg center. unlike earlier, non-autistic critics, however, many in this movement reject the ideological goals of aba, considering autism a harmless neurological difference rather than a pathology. they argue that eliminating benign autistic behaviour through aba is impermissible, owing to the individual psychological harm and the wider societal impact. finally, i compare the claims made by the neurodiversity movement with those made by similar 20th- and 21st-century social movements.
autism	objective: autism is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by difficulty in verbal and non-verbal communication, impaired social interaction, and restricted and repetitive behavior. it has been recently introduced as a multigenic disorder with significant epigenetic effects on its pathology. recently, epigenetic silencing of retinoic acid receptor-related orphan receptor alpha (rora) gene (which has an essential role in neural tissue development) was shown to have occurred in autistic children due to methylation of its promoter region. this may thus explain a significant part of the molecular pathogenesis of autism. therefore, we aimed to confirm this finding by implementing a case-control (experimental) study in the population of isfahan. materials and methods: the methylation status of a 136 bp sequence of a gpg island (encompassing 13 cpg sites) in the rora promoter region (positions -200 to -64) as an experimental study was examined in the lymphocyte cells of 30 autistic children after sodium bisulfite treatment using the melting curve analysis-methylation (mca-meth) assay compared with normal children. also, quantitative reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction (qrt-pcr) analysis was used to estimate the level of mrna transcripts and to evaluate mca-meth analysis results. results: this study revealed no methylation in the examined promoter regions in both autistic and normal children, with the melting curve of all studied samples being comparable to that of the non-methylated control. the results of mca-meth analysis were also consistent with qrt-pcr results. we therefore observed no significant difference in the levels of rora transcripts in the blood lymphocytes between autistic and healthy children. conclusion: the methylation of the rora promoter region may not be considered as a common epigenetic risk factor for autism in all populations. hence, the molecular pathogenesis of autism remains unclear in the population investigated.
autism	background: down syndrome (ds) is the most common chromosomal aberration, but the characteristics of the brainstem component in this condition during childhood (from newborn to preteen stages) have not been clarified. objective: to evaluate the morphological features of the brainstem in ds on magnetic resonance imaging (mri). materials and methods: mris for 32 children with ds (16 boys and girls each; age range, 0-11 years) without major brain insults, and 32 age-matched controls (16 boys and girls each) were retrospectively analyzed. height, width, and area of the midbrain, pons, and medulla oblongata were measured on sagittal t1-weighted images; these were compared in children with ds and age-matched controls. the ratios of the brainstem to the size of the posterior fossa (bs/pf index) were calculated; these were also compared in the children with ds and the control group. results: the width and area of the midbrain; height, width, area of the pons; and area of the medulla oblongata were significantly smaller in children with ds than in control children (p < 0.05); the area of the pons, particularly for the ventral part, showed the largest differences in the mean relative differences. the bs/pf indices of the height, width, and area of the pons were significantly smaller in children with ds than in the control group (p < 0.01). however, the bs/pf indices for the midbrain and the medulla oblongata did not differ between these two groups. conclusions: children with ds may have small brainstems, particularly in the pons; this may be a characteristic morphological feature of the brainstem on mri in childhood including neonates. (c) 2016 the japanese society of child neurology. published by elsevier b.v. all rights reserved.
autism	backgroundthis study explored psychological adjustment and sibling relationships of siblings of children with life-limiting conditions (llcs), expanding on previous research by defining llcs using a systematic classification of these conditions. methodsthirty-nine siblings participated, aged 3-16years. parents completed measures of siblings' emotional and behavioural difficulties, quality of life, sibling relationships and impact on families and siblings. sibling and family adjustment and relationships were compared with population norms, where available, and to a matched comparison group of siblings of children with autistic spectrum disorder (asd), as a comparable high risk' group. resultsllc siblings presented significantly higher levels of emotional and behavioural difficulties, and lower quality of life than population norms. their difficulties were at levels comparable to siblings of children with asd. a wider impact on the family was confirmed. family socio-economic position, time since diagnosis, employment and accessing hospice care were factors associated with better psychological adjustment. conclusionsusing a systematic classification of llcs, the study supported earlier findings of increased levels of psychological difficulties in siblings of children with a llc. the evidence is (i) highlighting the need to provide support to these siblings and their families, and (ii) that intervention approaches could be drawn from the asd field.
autism	although the challenges that autistic students face adapting to college are often pronounced, they are similar to the challenges that students with other disabilities face (e.g., difficulties with social interaction, self-advocacy, and executive functioning). however, extant evaluations of services for autistic college students are very limited despite an emerging literature examining supports for college students with a range of other disabilities. given that many autistic students do not self-identify as autistic in college, and consequently might avoid autism-specific services, autistic students might benefit from services that are designed to support a broad range of neurodiverse students, or services that are structured according to the principles of universal design. in order to develop such services, we assessed the self-reported needs of autistic college students and their peers with other disabilities. guided by needs assessments and feedback from students, we developed and evaluated two semesters of mentor-led group programming for autistic college students and students with other disabilities. the first semester of the program focused on social skills; after receiving feedback from participants, the curriculum for the second semester focused on self-advocacy. participation in social-skills groups was associated with decreased anxiety and autism symptoms. participation in self-advocacy groups was associated with increased perceived social support from friends, academic self-efficacy, and more accurate definitions of self-advocacy. this research suggests that supports for neurodiverse college students should be developed with their input and should include opportunities to engage with diverse peers.
autism	autism spectrum disorder (asd), a condition defined along a continuum of sociocommunicative difficulties, is associated with unique patterns of memory functioning including difficulties with autobiographical memory (am). am refers to memory for information related to the self and personally experienced events and has a strong social function. the current paper reviews empirical studies assessing am among individuals with asd across the lifespan. results support that both children and adults with asd manifest am difficulties characterized by (a) reduced specificity, (b) less elaborated and detailed am narratives, (c) lower am coherence, and (d) increased reliance on scaffolding for retrieval. individuals with asd also demonstrate intact am for certain memory indices and show evidence of using compensatory strategies to facilitate retrieval. results are interpreted in relation to models of typically developing am and broad memory theory, as well as models of information processing specific to asd. to advance knowledge of how am develops within the context of asd, a developmental psychopathology perspective is applied to the consideration of candidate processes underlying developing am among individuals with asd. future research should consider support for mechanisms that promote am performance at multiple ecological levels. limitations, clinical implications for intervention, and future directions are discussed. (c) 2017 elsevier inc. all rights reserved.
autism	introduction: data from an eeg is not commonly used by psychiatrists to plan treatment and medication. however, eeg abnormalities such as isolated epileptiform discharges are found to be more prevalent in psychiatric patients, particularly those diagnosed with autism spectrum disorder (asd). most medications prescribed for asd lower seizure threshold and increase side effects. therefore, it may be prudent to order an eeg for asd cases, especially those categorized as refractory. methods: the data set was obtained from a multidisciplinary practice that treats a wide variety of neuroatypical children and adolescent refractory patients. this study investigated 140 nonepileptic subjects diagnosed with asd, aged 4 to 25 years. visual inspection of the eeg was performed to search for paroxysmal, focal, or lateralizing patterns. results: of the 140 subjects, the eeg data identified 36% with isolated epileptiform discharges. the x(2) analysis found no significant difference between genders among the three age groups. findings indicated a high prevalence of isolated epileptiform discharges among individuals with asd. conclusions: our results find that compared with the healthy population, a large number of patients with asd have isolated epileptiform discharges despite never having a seizure. our findings support the use of eeg in children, adolescents, and young adults with asd, regardless of gender or age. this is particularly true for those who exhibit aggressive behaviors or those who have failed previous medication attempts with stimulants, antidepressants, and/or antipsychotics.
